(lp0
S'REC 3 Gnesis Official Red Band Trailer (2012) Horror Movie HD'
p1
aS'Thats bullshit rec NEEDS to show the view of one person now theres still \nstanding cameras the trailer of rec 1 was scary but this is some left 4 \ndead shit '
p2
aS'This is shit, watch the first 2 movies'
p3
aS"Actually I'm a white knight. And I think you are a american. enough of it. \nLive in your little world. "
p4
aS"Saw this movie like the beginning of 2012? LOL. This is so old, but I would \nstill watch it in English this time. I didn't understand Spanish at all. x'D"
p5
aS"how is this a REC movie if it's not 'filmed' by a handheld camera?"
p6
aS"Should have stayed with the other two movies... this has absolutely nothing \nto do with them (despite being passed as a prequel) didn't want to believe \nthe critics.... but having seen it myself, agree it's shit!"
p7
aS'Nevermind, looks like the wedding footage was just the intro :P hahaha'
p8
aS'CHAAAAAAIINSAAAAAAWWWWWW'
p9
aS"Yes really, don't worry I'll ruin Rec 4 for you if you want? ... DONT WORRY \nyou arent missing out since Rec 3 is basically a comedy and is based on the \nsame timeline as the first 2 movies. Rec 4 is where its at."
p10
aS'haha ign '
p11
aS"At least you could say: SPOILER. But then again, that has to be always a \nblack goat in the comments. Now that you've ruined the pleasure to see them \nkilled, can you please at least say if it is the spanish rec or the \namerican remake?"
p12
aS'how was it?'
p13
aS'We need this.'
p14
aS"People calling old a movie that's only a few months old; oh the humanity."
p15
aS'the movie kicks ass.. hehe'
p16
aS'LOLLIPOP CHAINSAW ! But much more bloody serious !!'
p17
aS'Oh no, this one was WAY worse. It completely strayed away from the first \ntwo. At least REC 2 had an unexpected twist. This was just another generic \nzombie movie that falls very short of the high mark that Night of the \nLiving Dead and The Walking Dead have set.'
p18
aS'0 fucks were given that day '
p19
aS'holy shit!'
p20
aS"Man this movie is underrated. To those who hate it, don't you know the \ntheme of this movie? it's a tragic love story."
p21
aS'I see an orgasm at the end... '
p22
aS'omg lol ...'
p23
aS"this doesn't look like REC... "
p24
aS'Did this come out already???'
p25
aS'Lollipop Chainsaw: Gnesis.'
p26
aS'Well that sucked...At one point you have to chose between comedy and \ndrama...'
p27
aS'Seems like the average amount of drama in a normal wedding'
p28
aS"it's not a 'found footage' style film like the others? :/"
p29
aS'Comparing REC 2 to Quarantine 2... yeah...'
p30
aS"you're a fucking asshole bro "
p31
aS'And how do you call a Guy who kicks ass? '
p32
aS'con lo buenos k eran los otros trailer y mira k puta basura este......es k \nteneis retraso.....yankis de las pelotas.....'
p33
aS'I wish they had the found footage the whole movie.'
p34
aS"I can still read your answers even when you delete them. Youtube mails them \nto me. Just wanted to warn you. Think before you write, then you don't have \nto delete. "
p35
aS'the first 2 sucked, i think i c the pattern'
p36
aS'Lets hope that this dosent suck like Quarantine 2 did :P'
p37
aS"This movie is so funny, if you're feeling sad see it :)"
p38
aS"It's still from a film footage angle but there's a guy there recording the \nwedding with a high end cinema type camera as well as a couple with \ncamcorders. I just started watching it a few minutes ago :)"
p39
aS'You can see his desktop at the end! :D '
p40
aS"I'm sure there's a perfectly reasonable explanation for the groom (?) \nwearing a breastplate."
p41
aS'rec, has dissapointed the horror community '
p42
aS'28 Years Later hahaha'
p43
aS'brides can be such divas sometimes ... just want the wedding to go \ncorrectly her way.'
p44
aS'Every Woman who kicks ass is a Ripley?'
p45
aS'Es una MIERDA de pelicula me arrepientop de pagar el boleto me sali a los \n15 minutos , si desde el principio me hubiera enterado que es espaola no \nhubiera entrado !!! pinches gachupines por eso en todo el mundo de PENDEJOS \nno los bajan , es una mierda de pelicula !!! " La pelicula mas ESTUPIDA del \nsiglo "'
p46
aS'Yeah, as original as Hollywood has been with its several remakes and \nreboots, right? '
p47
aS'Lollipop Chainsaw! XD '
p48
aS'100% shit. Do not waste your time. They are both killed in the end after \nshe becomes infected. '
p49
aS'Zombies! Zombies! wait. zombies? again?!WTF#$@!'
p50
aS'yea they are and there planning a 4th and 5th movie'
p51
aS'pause at 1:35 and get a random shot of someones desktop '
p52
aS"It's old, because we fucking have to wait a century before there is a \nversion on PIRATEBAY! hell this movie isn't available yet in the cinema's."
p53
aS'VAGINA'
p54
aS'Not zombies actually if you watched the first two then you would know the \nvirus was caused by demonic possession'
p55
aS'@heas o ok now imma watch it'
p56
aS'Clara is way better and hotter than Alice.'
p57
aS'Don\'t ask for originality here. This movie is very original to the "zombie" \nHollywood concept, since american films ultimately have been only remakes \nor reboots ^^'
p58
aS'rec 1 and 2 are classics the best , rec 3 i was very dissapointed they \nruined the concept they went from being orginal to hollywood Garbage :( '
p59
aS''
p60
aS'How come I found this on thepiratebay o.O?'
p61
aS"it's an excelent movie, i saw it... :D"
p62
aS'And what\'s wrong with that? I love strong women. Ripley is the best example \nand will always be the best for me. I loved the "girl power" in Death Proof \nfrom Tarantino, also a "cute" example of women who won\'t stand to being \nabused and live life on their own accord. Cliches are cool. Sometimes.'
p63
aS'This series continues to impress. '
p64
aS'For those who say this one is diferente from the other (no handheld cam), \n**SPOILER AHEAD**: it has hald held cam effect, but as a self parody/mock, \none of the character crashes the camera and tell the guy filming that the \nsituation in what they are is not one to be playing around... and then the \nmovie continues in traditional filming. The movie is cool.'
p65
aS'Did they make this without the "found footage" style, this time?'
p66
aS'why you should never, ever bring in a zombie like infection created by \ndemons to a brides big day...you think hells bd mr demon...you aint seen \nshit yet'
p67
aS'R? Why?'
p68
aS'@shincu1012 the fourth film "apocalypse" should be more like the first two'
p69
aS'IGN'
p70
aS'I need real wedding horror, not this crap'
p71
aS'Another zombie type movie, i love this kind of stuff, downloading now.'
p72
aS'So both of them get infected in the end and die eh.'
p73
aS'it used to be spanish, but there came the americans'
p74
aS"They both die in the end. hey but don't worry Rec 4 is still coming out so \nyou will find out what happened to possessed Angela "
p75
aS"Wow! If you are right, wow! You just couldn't keep it to yourself? You had \nto ruin it for me and all? Really?"
p76
aS'THIS MOVIE IS REALLY COOL!! YOU HAVE TO SEE IT '
p77
aS'Man i was hoping that if the did a prequel it would be about how the girl \nwas captured by the catholic church. Well, at least for a possible zombie \nmovie it cant be worse than resident evil '
p78
aS'original? sir if they stopped making zombie shows/movies because it was \nalready done they would be pissing off many people.'
p79
aS"Well that's ruin a wedding."
p80
aS'This looks nothing like the first two. I loved the first one and the 2nd \nrec was good.'
p81
aS'Zombies? How original!'
p82
aS'Jesus! Get some originality!!!! Stupid fucking zombie movies! Already \ndone... already boring!!!'
p83
aS'Fucked up the wrong wedding'
p84
aS"Rec has turned into Quarantine... we've gone full circle."
p85
aS'A real wedding movie is more horrible than this crap.'
p86
aS'the deal behind the name red band trailer is to get more views a trick to \nsucker one into thinking it is really sick trailer and get u to go see the \nfilm '
p87
aS'Going to miss the handheld camera but on the other hand we get a lady with \na chainsaw!'
p88
aS'ughhhhhhh are they hiding the demonic possession factor in the movie \nagain...or is this just another zombiefest....???'
p89
aS'so, REC has started as a 1st person horror movie and now became a zombie \nfranchise?...'
p90
aS'Chick with chainsaw= winninggg'
p91
aS'i guess hollywood would now make quarantine 3'
p92
aS'Is this one in Spanish as well?'
p93
aS'You\'re all a bunch of losers. Especially the braindead dumbasses who decide \nto spoil the movie because they didn\'t like it. Oh I get it, "I\'m gonna \nhate this movie because other people do so I could feel better about my \nshitty taste."'
p94
aS'Wait there was a rec 2??? '
p95
aS'Take that, Hollywood.'
p96
aS'never fuck with a womans wedding day.'
p97
a.