(lp0
S'Ewan McGregor is adorable.'
p1
aS"What's the song playing at the end?"
p2
aS'well i think that this movie is absolutly amazing'
p3
aS'This movie is based on a true story. There was this one guy who would break \nout of jail so easily and commit fraud to provide for phillip morris. Check \nit out. Its pretty cool story. '
p4
aS'fuckin stupid americans perv'
p5
aS'What a fucking queer , now i hate jim carrey'
p6
aS"Just watched this, bloody fantastic film, one of Jim Carrey's best IMO."
p7
aS'I really love this movie... so romantic and so gay....'
p8
aS'la  uena  pelicula  de la philips  morris y la hsitoria   de una prsion   y \n la  justicia'
p9
aS'I want to have copy of this movie i love you phillip morris.. but i cant \nfind the whole movie only trailer i find '
p10
aS'Wait... Why cant gays play golf?...'
p11
aS'Like this if u cried watching this movie'
p12
aS'Rodrigo Santoro 3'
p13
aS'I NEED TO SEE THIS MOVIE '
p14
aS'love this movie'
p15
aS'Does Carrey maintain that accent through the whole movie?  It seems kinda \nannoying.'
p16
aS"i'd turn gay for ewan mcgregor"
p17
aS'Eeeeeeeeeeeeew!'
p18
aS'best movie!'
p19
aS'dam thats gay.'
p20
aS"we are composed of a Body (Physiological, Earth Conciousnes), \nSpirit(Spiritual/Relationship with God) & Soul(Your Mind, your will..) when \nu die ur body will be sorrounded by dirt.The important question is; what \nwill happen to ur Spirit and Soul when u die? only u as individual can be \nassure of this, which is admiting u are a sinner, repent of all ur sins, & \nask for forgiveness and then ask Jesus to enter ur heart as Lord and savior \nthis is necessary for u to go to heaven. Human mind is very limited compare \nto the knowledge of God which is million light years ahead. I'm not a bigot \nfor I was pretty much lost, and if I dislike others I will be a hypocrite, \nwhich I'm not, once u do this, true knowledge will begin to kick in.God \nBless"
p21
aS'Great Movie. Ewan McGregor and Jim Carrey were perfect. I have never been a \nfan of Jim Carrey but I have to give him props for his Oscar worthy \nperformance.'
p22
aS'Thy will be done.'
p23
aS'This movie is fucking awesome :D'
p24
aS'The best film I have ever watch'
p25
aS'Two of my favorite actors! in a gay comedy movie? genius..'
p26
aS'hah, Gayeeee'
p27
aS'Why no WBC comments?'
p28
aS"Let's match movie gay :))"
p29
aS'Loved this film...one of the few films from Jim Carrey that I tolerate.'
p30
aS' .'
p31
aS'Thy will be done.'
p32
aS"Just because he/she thinks they're cute together does not mean they are a \ngay cunt. Anyone can support gays if they wanted to. And you spelled you're \nwrong."
p33
aS"Your spelling of you're is atrocious, you bigoted, intolerant cretin."
p34
aS'so... you do judge people... and now you are begging for a thumbs up that \nyour not gonna get... '
p35
aS'why? is there something wrong with gay people?'
p36
aS'Yakkk!!'
p37
aS'Philip Morris is a real person. So they didnt actually make up the name.'
p38
aS'hahaha o my gosh guys ^ wtf'
p39
aS'they are really good actor'
p40
aS'you are an ass '
p41
aS"If you feel sick, just ask the other guy not to shove it so hard down \nyou're throat. If you're new to it, just go easy on it untill you're ready \nto take the whole thing! I'm sure he'll understand!"
p42
aS'not to mention racism'
p43
aS'The world would slowly be becoming better by the minute.'
p44
aS'This film is beautifully performed, the film is essentially a love story \nbetween two men, they meet in prison. They both get out of prison, but they \nescape at different times. Their heart broken at last. '
p45
aS"I seriously hope you're a troll, because if you're not you can return to \nthe 1950s with your archaic mindset."
p46
aS'Ewan McGregor and Jim Carrey look so cute together. :3'
p47
aS'im not a homophobe but i cannot imagine that this movie did well in the box \noffice '
p48
aS"I seriously hope you're a troll, because if you're not you can return to \nthe 1950s with your archaic mindset."
p49
aS'Ewan McGregor and Jim Carrey look so cute together. :3'
p50
aS'Why defend a homophobic & racist idiot? '
p51
aS'what song is that? '
p52
aS'i love you Ewan McGregor :3'
p53
aS"No, but i have respect for other peoples life choices and don't condemn \npeople for the way they live."
p54
aS'GAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!'
p55
aS'super gay movie'
p56
aS"I watched this movie a while back with my friend one boring evening and \nended up busting out laughing. I'm against homosexual relationships but I \nlike the movie for its humor. Gay guys make me laugh"
p57
aS'if youre asking so nicely.. WHAT IF I WOULD DO IT FOR REAL?? god...'
p58
aS"I'm a stick? YAY!"
p59
aS'What a gay movie. Earned a whole 1 star out of 5'
p60
aS'i loved this movie and can you believe that this actually all really \nhappened, man talk about loving someone '
p61
aS"I can't believe it. Obi-Wan is friends with the riddler? "
p62
aS'LD ENTERTAINMENT presents JIM CARREY EWAN MCGREGOR I LOVE YOU PHILLIP \nMORRIS COMING THIS CHRISTMAS RATED R'
p63
aS"I loved this movie so much! Jim and Ewan were perfect! I think they should \nmake more movies like this(: and for all you haters, if you're against gays \nwhy would you even look this up?? I'm straight but I believe in equal \nrights.. And if you have a problem with stuff like this don't look it up!"
p64
aS'i wish jim carrey didnt play this role :('
p65
aS"Phillip Morris?? Where did they come up with a name like that? And I think \nit's either a brand of cigarettes or a cigarette company. But .... \nwhatever. It's just corny, but so is Jim Carey."
p66
aS'woah! calm it!'
p67
aS"I just saw the movie and it is fantastic! Both actors are straight but are \nvery convincing as gay characters. It's a great human story about what \nsomeone will do for their loved ones. "
p68
aS'immature'
p69
aS"This movie is such a satire! It's hilarious and ridiculous and awkward =D"
p70
aS"Feel so strange watching this film because it's Jim Carrey... - that being \nsaid, I LOVE IT!"
p71
aS"This movie is such a satire! It's hilarious and ridiculous and awkward =D"
p72
aS"Feel so strange watching this film because it's Jim Carrey... - that being \nsaid, I LOVE IT!"
p73
aS"I think you meant they're. Wonder if homophobia and stupidity go hand in \nhand?"
p74
aS"this film has the absolute perfect combination of hilarious and \nheartbreaking moments. a 'must see' for sure. "
p75
aS'cause i know what it feels like when a person kill himself. i hate when \npeople say that so often and for nothing. his annoying u? call him a jerk, \nlike it use to be..'
p76
aS'its alright, i saw it on netflix'
p77
aS'oohhhh im an imbecile? last time I heard that was from a 90 year old mad! \ngo fuck yourself you posh gay prick'
p78
aS'I love you Lucky Strike'
p79
aS"It's a crime story."
p80
aS"its supposed to be gay '.' !"
p81
aS'Ym'
p82
aS"The trailer is kinda bullshit. It shows the movie like it is a comedy but \nit actually mostly isn't. More of a romantic drama, with some humor in it. \nI hate trailers these days. Good movie anyway. "
p83
aS'I luv gays :333 and i luv ewan ^-^'
p84
aS'This is the BEST GAY MOVIE I have ever seen! '
p85
aS"The most amazing movie based on a true story that I have ever seen. The \nactors portray the relationship these men had so realistically that it's \ninsane. A beautiful story that I believe should be known worldwide to show \nstupid religious assholes that being gay is perfectly acceptable. Most of \nmy friends are gay, lesbian, or bisexual because they're actually nicer \nthen most straight people. Seriously people, if you have a problem with \nsomeones gender preference do the world a favour and shut up."
p86
aS'You claim not to be homosexual, but then you think about homosexuals and \nhomosexuality so much that it manifests into a physical sensation in the \npit of your stomach, in your viscera, your very bowels. Interesting.'
p87
aS"hahahaha i don't give two shits what yall say, this movie is fucking \nhilarious hahahahahah "
p88
aS'okay, and you are a homophobic piece of shit :) '
p89
aS'i fucking love this film'
p90
aS'obi wan'
p91
aS'HEY whats the last song playing?!'
p92
aS"Just watch this video from like the 90's: watch?v=VZDeAMNIXg8"
p93
aS'Learn how to spell imbecile.'
p94
aS'BEST MOVIE EVER! <3'
p95
a.