(lp0
S'I agree this movie was crap, but the only one from disney was Selena, so \nwhat what your saying really has no point.'
p1
aS'this movie is seriously the worst piece of crap that i have seen, i waited \nfor weeks and months intil i found the right site to watch this movie on, \nthey actors are trying to hard to act and they just seem more fake than \nthey did on the disney channel, its like the only way to showcase how \n"grown up " and "mature" they are they feel the need to give them a three \nway scene and how them sleeping with random people and getting arrested, a \nwaste of time '
p2
aS'Nobody who commented on this video even understands that the point of the \nmovie isn\'t actually "Disney girls but with tits" but a satire of that \nwhole lifestyle\n\n\n\nAlso the tits are awesome'
p3
aS'Gucci Mane is the only good part of the movie'
p4
aS'hanna from pll<3<3'
p5
aS'Only For Selena Gomez :D'
p6
aS'Dude straight looks like riff raff'
p7
aS'This film opened my eyes. Go crazy, but know your limits. Find who you are, \nmake mistakes, but learn from them.'
p8
aS'am i the only one tht wants to see it cause it has vanessa hugens, ashley \nbenson and selena gomez in itt?/'
p9
aS"Spring break isn't long enough to complain, rob, have a party, get \narrested, go to court, take drugs, sex, have a creep find you, kill people, \nand get killed in 1 spring break. THIS MOVIE SUCKS"
p10
aS'This was an excuse for Disney girls to transform into an "adult" role. Too \nbad the director feels sex and drugs is the only way to showcase maturity \nfor these actresses.'
p11
aS"10 years ago, I would see this movie because of the girls in the bikini. \nNow I just want to see that crazy James Franco performance. I hope I'm not \ngoing gay "
p12
aS'worst movie ever'
p13
aS'Spring break forever bitches.. ;*'
p14
aS"1:24 I can't stop laughing,lol."
p15
aS'"Scary Monsters And Nice Sprites" - Skrillex, 2010'
p16
aS'oh my gawd i love this movie x)'
p17
aS"Selena gomez is awesome i watched the movie but i just skip some scenes and \njust watch selena's scenes in the movie lol cuz the movie is bad "
p18
aS'Ashley is such a good actress  '
p19
aS"I can't believe I haven't seen this yet :'("
p20
aS'Only gunna watch it for the soundtrack. #skrillex '
p21
aS'its not selena fault she didnt wrote the movie her thing is to act '
p22
aS"What's the song at 00:35 ? Someone? "
p23
aS'im gonna watch this because its the start of spring break'
p24
aS"Don't waste your time in this money, such a disappointment. Worst movie \nI've seen ."
p25
aS"Great movie: If you hate this movie, than you are not part of this society \nthat is what the director wants.  Wake up America MTV f*&k your goals and \nmind up and think about why the women's jail are overflowing."
p26
aS'Love this movie!'
p27
aS'lead male role based on riff raff rapper.'
p28
aS'all the negative feed back! To that i say boooooooo wendy testaburger'
p29
aS'They are 18 right..'
p30
aS'i love selena gomez in the howe world    alina hetman'
p31
aS'Wtf'
p32
aS'...I hope they all die in the movie...'
p33
aS'James Franco is still a pimp'
p34
aS'bad movie'
p35
aS'I love not being American '
p36
aS'i am so disappointed in this movie! it was soo bad '
p37
aS"i can't believe selena gomez would do this"
p38
aS"It's not like Selena, Ashley, Vanessa, CHOOSE what they do in this person's \nfilm. They are just there to act. I don't think this will be a movie I \nwould watch though."
p39
aS'trailer looks trashy.'
p40
aS'this movie was so messed up. it has you feeling really bad for all the \ncharacters.'
p41
aS'Gucci!!'
p42
aS'Fuck my life'
p43
aS'I love Selena Gomes and James Franco !!!!!'
p44
aS'This looks like the shittiest movie'
p45
aS'Its like the beginning of a porno'
p46
aS"Spoiler alert the 2 Disney girls you came to see didn't even get naked. \nWell Vanessa kinda does, but not really....then again her pics were \nleaked...nvm..."
p47
aS"I believe that this is actually the worst movie I've ever seen. Just wasted \n20 minutes of my life that I'll never get back."
p48
aS"whats the song called that's playing at the end?"
p49
aS'wow Selena you dropped to rock bottom'
p50
aS'The ultimate stab at society! Fantastic film that is mocking the audience \nwho think they are mocking it'
p51
aS'Spectacular film. So bizarre and intense. Loved it.'
p52
aS'WORST. MOVIE. EVER.\nThe music was cool though'
p53
aS'THIS MOVIE IS SHIT... ITS FU....ING SHIT... DONT WASTE TIME'
p54
aS"Lmfao people be commenting Disney girls lol Ashley benson was never on \nDisney I'm dead  and the rest isn't even in Disney  "
p55
aS'this movie was okay it wasnt the best bur alright.\n\nIm saying this b/c through the whole movie all i kept hearing was \nspring-breaak-foh-eva nd everytime something dum happen u would hear little \ngun shots nd stuff.... but it had its little perf...like when selena left \nwhen they went to the drug dealer house.(-_-)'
p56
aS'What a disgusting, deplorable, repulsive, yet profound and eye-opening film \nexperience.'
p57
aS"Shoot, what about summer break instead? Wouldn't that be much better?"
p58
aS"James Franco doesn't even look like James Franco. "
p59
aS'We all thought it was going to be wack . But its actually a real good \nmovie taught me not to judge a book by its cover'
p60
aS'Ashley (Hanna) from PLL?!'
p61
aS"A lot of people don't seem to realize that this is an indie film which \nmeans it's going to be different and crazy but also that it's not made for \nviews or money it's just about the art and directing of the movie, etc. \nit's judged so harshly because people don't understand it, 90% of people \nwatched it based on the actors that were in the movie. "
p62
aS'This is what Disney does...'
p63
aS'This story is believable.'
p64
aS'James Franco FTW '
p65
aS'This movie sucked... lol'
p66
aS'This movie was sooo good '
p67
aS'Looks shit '
p68
aS"The worst movie i've ever seen. Don't waste your time"
p69
aS'They are not in Disney no more.. they are all grown up'
p70
aS'"Ya nasty" ~Ravan samone'
p71
aS'I comfortably get over 3500 dollars every month just by responding to basic \nonline surveys at home. This website shows every detail how EARN88.COM The \nanswers you get from literature depend on the questions you pose.'
p72
aS'I LOVE THIS SHIT <3'
p73
aS'We all thought it was going to be wack . But its actually a real good \nmovie taught me not to judge a book by its cover'
p74
aS'Well Alex Russo is officially banned from magic '
p75
aS'This looks like a white version of set it off.'
p76
aS'im pissed that I waste my 99 cents on this peace of shit'
p77
aS"Don't need to watch this to know it's dog shit "
p78
aS'I hate this movie'
p79
aS'Damn u got be on drugs to make a movie about 4 disney channel charcters \nSelena Gomez, Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley Benson, and Rachel Korine doing \ndrugs, having sex and killing and robing the dont know with James Francos \nplus they have Gucci Mane in here yeah 95% chance that Director and writer \nwhere on something'
p80
aS'Vanessa hudgens mmmm'
p81
aS"This is the best worst movie of 2012. You just need to watch it and view it \nas a comedy, rather than a realistic whatever they were thinking. It's \nhonestly hilarious. xD"
p82
aS'This movie is crap. The only good thing about it is the tits and the hot \nteens but other than tht it sucks dick. only watched 15mins cuz i couldnt \nstand watching anymore'
p83
aS'They are not in Disney no more.. they are all grown up'
p84
aS'am I the only one who wants to watch this because of James Franco?'
p85
aS'The movie is shit'
p86
aS'They are not in Disney no more.. they are all grown up'
p87
aS'stanno riempendo il cinema di cazzate inguardabili'
p88
aS"The movie is shit. Not only because it's only point is to be more \nIlluminati youth-corruption propaganda, but it was overall a bad \nproduction. "
p89
aS'Genius work definitely worth a look. It tells you how bad a movie can get. \nI adore work like this exploring the limit of human intelligence. Upper \nbound or lower bound, it is not important.'
p90
aS'I fuck wit this movie. A couple of bottom bitches ready to kill for \nyou....why the fuck not!?'
p91
aS'South Parde Island'
p92
aS'SUCH A shit movie!'
p93
aS"This movie was shocking, I don't recommend it."
p94
aS'Guys who are saying this is trashy bs...\nIt was made to be trashy bs\nit was made for the directors trashy as F*** sensibilites, hell why did you \nthink he cast his wife? SO SHE COULD GET TOPLESS!'
p95
aS"what city is this movie based in if its panama city fl . I may watch cause \nthat place is crazy when I lived there all I did was stay home on my \ncomputer played Ultima online . TOO many ego's in the world .! now I traded \none crazy place for another .!"
p96
a.