(lp0
S"Uhm... Why did they dub it? Why couldn't they keep it in Norwegian?"
p1
aS"Didn't Cracked just do an article on this guy?"
p2
aS'seen this movie!... it is one little gem!'
p3
aS'Jizz'
p4
aS'Honoring the scandinavian true spirit of adventure and daring.'
p5
aS"this is like a 67 year old theory. it doesn't matter anyway, because the \ntheory that all homosapien originated from Africa shows that everyone is \nfrom one place."
p6
aS"yes, they dubbed all of it -.-'"
p7
aS'Bill Skarsgard 3'
p8
aS'And the main character was actually afraid of swimming'
p9
aS'#Kon-Tiki - Oscar Nominated Film - Phenomenal Film of a REAL, EPIC \nADVENTURE! #Oscars Joachim Rnning and Espen Sandberg - Fantastic \nProducers! Alex Graham - Celebrity English celebrityenglish-alex.blogspot'
p10
aS'Sold. Shut up and take my money.'
p11
aS'and here i thought from the thumbnail it was Draco Malfoy '
p12
aS'Gjh'
p13
aS'Polynesians ancestors are South American fool, latest DNA discoveries have \nbeen made, also the sweet potato found on Polynesian islands were adopted, \nnot home grown, originally from South America, if you look at similarities \nin culture and customs it can also back it up, also appearance...the native \nSouth Americans e.g Mayans and Aztecs were astronomers, they used the stars \nand the sun to guide them...Polynesians used the stars as a compass to \nguide them in their jouneyings to other islands.'
p14
aS"Hey check out the raft's sail insignia. That raft was a friggin Autobot."
p15
aS'life of pi was happening 20 miles away '
p16
aS'part of this trailer reminds me of cast away because all the guys have \nbeards lol. '
p17
aS"Uh, don't they pretty much give away the ending in the last 20 seconds of \nthe trailer?"
p18
aS'Just watched this, it was really good, and let me tell you, there is a \nscene with a shark that is highly realistic.'
p19
aS'They re-dubbed it for internation trailers i see'
p20
aS'hehe, yeah but did you watch Titanic as well for the ending? Its the \njourney thats the story, not the ending:) '
p21
aS"This is not a hollywood film if that's what you meant."
p22
aS'sound low.'
p23
aS"The book it's amazing!! Hopefully this is as well."
p24
aS'nnn'
p25
aS'but we all know that polynesians are not from south america'
p26
aS'This movie should not be judged by whats it like but what it is '
p27
aS'It was a papyrus raft!!!! I read the book'
p28
aS"Well, the movie is based on a true story. It's not like they can rewrite \nhistory. That would kida ruin the whole idea.. :) "
p29
aS'The Greek reinvented the astrolabe about 150bc, but many archaeological \nfinds support theories of earlier similar devices.'
p30
aS'With one tiny, tiny difference: althought dramaticed, this story actually \nhappened. '
p31
aS"Why are they using an astrolabe? Shouldn't they be navigating using \nprimitive instruments, if at all?"
p32
aS'Thor Heyerdahl sailed before any of the books and/or films you mention were \neven imagined.'
p33
aS'Sonny Mona... Mayans and Aztecs were actually from North and Central \nAmerica (not South America). The "original" South Americans you\'re likely \nreferring to as the Incas. '
p34
aS'Fuck off americans, papyrus is a fucking paper. Ofcourse it was made of \nwood. And the movie has already been sent in Norway in norwegian'
p35
aS'they actually filmed the entire movie in norwegian and english. They did \nevery scene twice, once in norwegian and once in english'
p36
aS'norway! norway! norway! love this film, but the norwegian-english accent.. '
p37
aS'Movie exec 1: Remember that documentary with all the drama and adventure \nabout real people challenging themselves, the scientific community, and \nnature itself? Movie exec 2: Yeah? Movie exec 1: Lets do that but with fake \nemotion!!!'
p38
aS'Haha serist? Visste jeg ikke'
p39
aS'Worth it for the magnificent facial hair alone.'
p40
aS'Looks like New Zealand! '
p41
aS'tiki taka..........'
p42
aS"I read this book when i was younger, it's incredible"
p43
aS"It's one of the best movie I've seen last year .. Every one should see it. \nIt's amazing "
p44
aS'Read the book, now the movie. Hope it is just as good!!'
p45
aS'they dubed the whole vid on english or, did u just take the parts where \nthey speak english? i saw it on norwegian'
p46
aS"It's very possible that Polynesians are related to South Americans"
p47
aS"... It's just you, and your little book Milo James thatch."
p48
aS'I`ll spare you. You just saw the entire movie by seeing this trailer. '
p49
a.