(lp0
S"This presents the story completely differently to the actual film's story."
p1
aS'A true bonifide classic, hands down.'
p2
aS'I bet google knows'
p3
aS'i can honestly say that no film impacted on me straight after i finished \nwatching it like this film.it absolutely blew me away.i remember thinking \nhalf way through .."this is one of the best films ever made..a classic"..in \n20 years it will be in the top five films ever made without doubt.amzing \nstory,great acting,beautifully shot,great soundtrack..everything is \nthere..such depth.i sometimes wish i could watch it again for the first \ntime..that feeling is magical..great film..respect'
p4
aS'I searched for Johnny Greenwood on Amazon, and found the soundtrack to the \nmovie.'
p5
aS'Daniel Day-Lewis is an extraordinarily talented actor. Really loved this \nmovie.'
p6
aS'For me TWBB is the second, and NCFOM ist the third best movie of the \ndecade. It isn`t fair that they have been released in the same Year. :( ; \nso that only one can win pest picture (and best director)'
p7
aS"This has and will remain to be my all time favorite film! Its a mesmerizing \ncinematic journey to say the least, and just how much Day-Lewis transforms \ninto the egotistical maniac that is Daniel Plainview, is pure gold! Can't \nwait to see The Master!"
p8
aS"Daniel Day-Lewis's Best Performances: 1.There Will Be Blood (2007) 2.My \nLeft Foot (1989) 3.Gangs of New York (2002) 4.The Last of the Mohicans \n(1992) 5.In the Name of the Father (1993)"
p9
aS'1 person is the director of Justin Biebers film and is jealos he cant make \ncinematography like this.'
p10
aS'best acting performance ever '
p11
aS'search "there will be brawl" funny stuff'
p12
aS'thumbs up if you got here cause of "There will be pokemon"'
p13
aS"I'd never heard of this movie until that Aaron Bruno awolnation interview \ntoday, he said it had inspired him & was the most epic movie he'd seen, \nthat nothing else had compared since then, so of course I had to look it \nup. has anyone else seen this? I'll be netlixing it tonight, lol. Looks \nlike an awesome movie, how is it that it got no plays or mentions anywhere?"
p14
aS'For some reason this movie had some impact on my life not a lot of movies \ncould do... '
p15
aS"What's the name of the soundtrack on this trailer towards the end?"
p16
aS'meh.. i have watched better'
p17
aS'daniel;s voice is awsome i like himm'
p18
aS'totally brilliant movie'
p19
aS'this movie was good, but there was some dead scenes'
p20
aS'Daniel Plainview drank the milkshanke belonging to the person who disliked \nthis'
p21
aS"So it's brilliant right?, that's what you are trying to say isn't it? \n(sarcastic and rhetorical)"
p22
aS'Awesome movie'
p23
aS"Same here. It's strange how some parts of it come to my mind in random \nsituations. There is so much in this movie to think about, I still don't \nhave a final opinion of it."
p24
aS'fucking awesome daniel d. lewis'
p25
a.