(lp0
S"Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance = Hayalet Src : ntikam Atei...Film \n2011 Abd-Birleik Arap Emirlikleri yapml, Fantastik-Aksiyon-Gerilim eli \nve 95 dakika..Bu film, * Hayalet Src - Ghost Rider 2007 *  filminin \ndevam filmi..Her iki film iinde unu syleyebilirim ; Bir gsteri \nmotorcusunun, babasnn hayat karlnda ruhunu eytana satmas ve \nakabinde cehennem kakn hayalet srcye dnerek dehet yaratt \nsahneler gzel dieri sradan sahneler..\n\nBu macerada, eytann kendinden olan olunun bedenine girerek, bir trl \nele geiremedii u fani dnyann hkmedeni olma abasna,\nki kii engel olmaya alacaktr..Biri hayalet srcmz dieri eytann \nolunun annesi..Hayalet Src, fkelendiinde alev alev yanan bir \niskelete dnen bir karakter.Elindeki upuzun zincir de benzer zelliklere \nsahip..Zincirle temas eden varlklar eriyip gidiyor.Film gcn biraz da bu \nespriden alyor bence..\n\nyknn final blm Peri Bacalarnda biimleniyor.Trkiye'de ekilen \nsahneleri iin abartl gkyz filtrelerine bulanm bir sr Kapadokya \ngrnts izlemek mmkn.Film sayesinde reniyoruz ki, buralar cennet'ten \nen uzak yerlermi meer..Trk olduu belli figranlarn Yeilam \nfilmlerinden kalma kaslma hallerini seyretmek de bir miktar elence \nduygusu yaratabiliyor..Sonu olarak Fantastik film ite..Filmin ilk yars \nskc ama ikinci yars eh ite diyebileceiniz trden bu film iin iyi \nseyirler  6 /10"
p1
aS'Nicolas cage plays in shitty movies now'
p2
aS'Ghost Rider is so awsome!'
p3
aS'....^-^'
p4
aS'ghost rider spirit of vengeance was probably the most demented movie i ever \nwatched in a very long time... i loved it :D'
p5
aS"Because you're too noob to know what adblock+ is."
p6
aS'looks like a rental to me :)'
p7
aS'it is'
p8
aS'hat it this one is shit '
p9
aS'i like both :) '
p10
aS'lovie movie ghost rider nicolas cage '
p11
aS'yeah i kinda agree.ted looks way better.'
p12
aS"Pretty much off the page of the comic book. at last these guys have tried \nto get it right. can't please everyone though. At least the technologies \nthere to give it a decent go. I'm old enough to remember the 70's \nSpider-Man films now that was bad (the original meaning of bad that is..)"
p13
aS'And who are you to decide who is a fan or not? I love Ghost Rider but this \nmovies SUCKS.'
p14
aS'THis is a piece of shit.'
p15
aS'I REALLY LIKE THE MOVIE....OF COURSE IT HAVE SERIOUS MISTAKES'
p16
aS'Trailer is better then movie itself...'
p17
aS"Wow bro that's actually even worse :( sad days we live in ....stupid people \nliking stupid movies :) U can tell those that clapped at the theater to \nsuck your dick ;)"
p18
aS'why are you saying that because they have a guy with the power of a crazed \nangel fighting mortal, a roting guy and a half-dead mefistofelis'
p19
aS"i am i? that doesn't make sense lol"
p20
aS"If you like the first movie you're a good fan. If you hate this one, you're \nno true fan."
p21
aS'Then you must hate Ghost Rider.'
p22
aS'Yeah in Fast 5 ! Thats freaking awesome! '
p23
aS"the place is in Turkey, the city Nevehir, in the Central Anatolia Region \n(starting from their arrival to Moureu's place, till the end of the movie) \nI've been there, it's a great place, a must see Also I can't say that the \nfilm sucked; I don't regret watching it really, Even if it's not a \nmasterpiece, I enjoyed it"
p24
aS'lol'
p25
aS"I think they've refined the riders look a bit, being a critical eye from \nwatching the pervious one. You're deffinetly SOL and SOM if you have that \nchasing after you. Dark Hoarse is god father of the darker comics harboring \nanti heros for a reason. BF and i luv ghosty"
p26
aS'Then you must hate Ghost Rider.'
p27
aS'would love to hear "Get over here" at the end'
p28
aS'Yeah in Fast 5 ! Thats freaking awesome! '
p29
aS'thanks.'
p30
aS"the place is in Turkey, the city Nevehir, in the Central Anatolia Region \n(starting from their arrival to Moureu's place, till the end of the movie) \nI've been there, it's a great place, a must see Also I can't say that the \nfilm sucked; I don't regret watching it really, Even if it's not a \nmasterpiece, I enjoyed it"
p31
aS'download the free addon.. "adBlock" on google chrome... blocks all that crap'
p32
aS'lol'
p33
aS"Difference is, Nicolas Cage is a gifted actor, appearing in crap (Though \nyou should watch Con Air and Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans, \nthose are awesome) while Seagal is a poor actor, appearing in crap. Oh, his \nstuff's good for laughs, but that's just it: the man's a joke."
p34
aS'Good movie just watched it on Mixvid'
p35
aS'Hope to good there is an Amazing or Ultimate Ghost Rider out there in \ncomics world because this NEEDS a reboot! 2nd ove made the 1st look \nbreathtaking! '
p36
aS'I actually enjoyed the first Ghost rider...but I must say that this part \ngave me tears to my eyes...of sadness at how fucking terrible and boring it \nwas.... :(( shame really'
p37
aS'Cant wait for release!'
p38
aS'my point is that ghost rider 2 looks prety boring and uninteresting.'
p39
aS'im thinking where is Tejbz'
p40
aS'watch drive angry instead.much better.'
p41
aS"No, I'm saying that because a lot of stupid jokes even in serious and \naction scenes, and even Ghost Rider is dancing when he fight. that's why \nthis movie SUCKS!!!"
p42
aS"Its bs.. don't make a squeal involving different people from the first :I"
p43
aS'Ghost Rider 2: Christian Fundamentalists in Former Soviet Union '
p44
aS'cage is not a good actor anymore he should stop playing ghost rider '
p45
aS'this may look cool but the movie was just crap'
p46
aS'I enjoyed the movie. Idris Elba was in it and the locations were gorgeous.'
p47
aS'they should have put vengeance on this film'
p48
aS'movie sucked bigtime dont see it '
p49
aS"Its bs.. don't make a squeal involving different people from the first :I"
p50
aS'Ghost Rider 2: Christian Fundamentalists in Former Soviet Union '
p51
aS'worst superhero movie ever '
p52
aS'cage is not a good actor anymore he should stop playing ghost rider '
p53
aS'this may look cool but the movie was just crap'
p54
aS'I enjoyed the movie. Idris Elba was in it and the locations were gorgeous.'
p55
aS'they should have put vengeance on this film'
p56
aS'movie sucked bigtime dont see it '
p57
aS'lolololololololol'
p58
aS'this one fallowed the comics more '
p59
aS'I thought this already came out...'
p60
aS'i fucking love the ending with the chain imo, faitality or....awesometality '
p61
aS"Can't argue with that."
p62
aS'This film was just 2 hours of special effects - No story at all - sooo \nboring... Why did Nicholas Cage star in this, wow it was beyond crap... Do \nnot, I repeat do not watch this film, just watch the trailer it shows all \nthe special effects scenes, trust me you wont even remember the plot \nimmediately after watching it.'
p63
aS'she is with luke hobbs now do u belive that shit'
p64
aS"LMBO You're hilarious!!! LOLOLOL"
p65
aS"very true, I came to understand and appreciate Punisher's complex, layered \ncharacter gradually through the miniseries & old War Journals of the 80s & \nearly 90s. If they did it right, I would get hooked, and that means I would \nhave to get back into Television. Plus the war on crime never ends.But \nstill, they can make a good movie without the cheese of the previous, maybe \nfocus on his lifestyle -- more of a character study. still eventful but \nwithout a big climactic plot with flashy explosions"
p66
aS"I like Nicolas Cage as an actor and think he's brilliant but some of his \nfilms are good and others terrible but that's just acting for you... :)"
p67
aS'i liked that they made the rider more demonic and insane. just in the way \nhe moves you can see how messed up he is. even his laugh is ultra demented. \nplus his leather jacket is like bubbling from the heat and his skull is all \ncharred. this movie gets a 10 of 10 even if some of the effects were a \nlittle cheesy for about 2 seconds.'
p68
aS'Shoot him again, his souls still dancing!!!'
p69
aS'2:00 GET OVER HERE!'
p70
aS'The trailer here is cut better then actual film.'
p71
aS"What's the music name, please? "
p72
aS'5/10 Flames.'
p73
aS'This film was just 2 hours of special effects - No story at all - sooo \nboring... Why did Nicholas Cage star in this, wow it was beyond crap... Do \nnot, I repeat do not watch this film, just watch the trailer it shows all \nthe special effects scenes, trust me you wont even remember the plot \nimmediately after watching it.'
p74
aS'she is with luke hobbs now do u belive that shit'
p75
aS"LMBO You're hilarious!!! LOLOLOL"
p76
aS"very true, I came to understand and appreciate Punisher's complex, layered \ncharacter gradually through the miniseries & old War Journals of the 80s & \nearly 90s. If they did it right, I would get hooked, and that means I would \nhave to get back into Television. Plus the war on crime never ends.But \nstill, they can make a good movie without the cheese of the previous, maybe \nfocus on his lifestyle -- more of a character study. still eventful but \nwithout a big climactic plot with flashy explosions"
p77
aS'Violante Placido...'
p78
aS"I like Nicolas Cage as an actor and think he's brilliant but some of his \nfilms are good and others terrible but that's just acting for you... :)"
p79
aS'i liked that they made the rider more demonic and insane. just in the way \nhe moves you can see how messed up he is. even his laugh is ultra demented. \nplus his leather jacket is like bubbling from the heat and his skull is all \ncharred. this movie gets a 10 of 10 even if some of the effects were a \nlittle cheesy for about 2 seconds.'
p80
aS'Shoot him again, his souls still dancing!!!'
p81
aS'2:00 GET OVER HERE!'
p82
aS'The trailer here is cut better then actual film.'
p83
aS'what is the song that plays at 0:58?'
p84
aS"What's the music name, please? "
p85
aS'5/10 Flames.'
p86
aS"at least some good movie in which is nicolas cage. FINALLY. loved the 1st \nghost rider. It's too bad Eva Mendes is not in this one. I liked them as a \ncouple xD "
p87
aS'll this movie sucked bigtime waste of bandwith+time'
p88
aS"did anyone else look at this and think 'GET OVER HERE' from mortal kombat"
p89
aS'trolololololololol :)) and your point is ? :))'
p90
aS'ghost rider is like the god of war(cratos) because of the chains '
p91
aS'What if I hate both?'
p92
aS'a piece of shit, i cant believe after the disaster the first one was, they \nmade another one'
p93
aS"i really hope you're trolling..."
p94
aS"I'm i the only one who is thinking... where is Eva Mendes?"
p95
aS'Nice'
p96
aS"hope they don't screw up in ghost rider 3 "
p97
a.