(lp0
S'Diiie haaard!!!!!'
p1
aS'Jai Courtney <3'
p2
aS'just waste of time! 0 out of 10'
p3
aS'Die Hard 8: Social security\nYippie kay yay Ben gay!!'
p4
aS'Very good movie\n'
p5
aS'a good day for a franchise to die hard '
p6
aS'ive just watched this film and i have no memory of it at all'
p7
aS'No dull scenes. Like'
p8
aS"Jack's face when his dad said his name hahaha love jack and his actor jai"
p9
aS'this movie is awesome must watch'
p10
aS'I like the die hard movies, the 6th one will be the last Die Hard ever made \nthough, hope they give it a good send off though and an ending very fitting \nfor John McClane '
p11
aS'Se anun o smbt palpitant PE #promenadaro.'
p12
aS'just watched it online.. It was good'
p13
aS'what do Bruce willis get paid for saying "yippikayey motha f cka?'
p14
aS'anyone know where I can find the music that plays between 1:03 - 1:35?? \nSounds intense'
p15
aS'Bruce & Jai are badass guys together \n'
p16
aS'for me this movie is so bad its good. I dont know why but ive seen it like \n4 times. 2 in theatres and 2 on netflix. its horrible but i dunno... i like \nit. Die Hard 1-4 are great tho.'
p17
aS'A Generic Day to Fuck Up'
p18
aS'lots of over acting what a shit movie fuck you director whoever are you and \nfuck all the star cast you fucking cunts wasted my time and money'
p19
aS'FUCKING IS NOT SHOT IN WIDESCREEN 2.35... IS SHOT IN 1.85 LIKE TV   \nWIDSCREEN THATS   SUX..NOT GONNA BUY THIS SHIT ON BLU-RAY '
p20
aS'Just finish the movie A Good Day to Die Hard \nAction | Crime | Thriller / Bruce Willis and Jai Courtney. \n\nJohn McClane travels to Russia to help out his seemingly wayward son, Jack, \nonly to discover that Jack is a CIA operative working to prevent a \nnuclear-weapons heist, causing the father and son to team up against \nunderworld forces.'
p21
aS'Just finish the movie A Good Day to Die Hard\nAction | Crime | Thriller / Bruce Willis and Jai Courtney.\nJohn McClane travels to Russia to help out his seemingly wayward son, Jack, \nonly to discover that Jack is a CIA operative working to prevent a \nnuclear-weapons heist, causing the father and son to team up against \nunderworld forces.'
p22
aS' Bruce Willis attempting to act like what the modern age thinks is John \nMcClane. Its annoying and he clearly doesnt give a shit about the movie. \nIts nothing more than a paycheck for him, plain and simple.'
p23
aS'his son his cute ,nice ass & body ,Yummy :P'
p24
aS'Yeah Ep8 ARMAGEDDON'
p25
aS'Yeah Ep8 ARMAGEDDON'
p26
aS'looks so good... such action packed... hum.'
p27
aS"ok, so I'm supposed to guess what they're saying?....ooook... lets see, its \nan interrogation...one guys is pissed at the other guy... something about a \nbra and a pack of cards??? REALLY BAD"
p28
aS'movie was fine but the act of Bruce Willis as much as I like him was \ntotally lame...'
p29
aS'he already did it in Armageddon'
p30
aS"I know, but they don't really touch on that so much. I was referring to \nthat they just decided to throw her in there you know. I was expecting so \nmuch more with the father son relationship, they could have had them fight \neach other. Or they could have had them shooting bad guys, and his son \naccidentally shoot him. And they could have done a joke about that. Plus, \nthe action didn't even seem to thrilling to me. Last movie he dodged a jet \nplane, and took out a helicopter with a squad car. "
p31
aS'both are good'
p32
aS"Hello from the country the film is about. Such a stupid film. Can't be the \nDie Hard movie. It's like it has been about 20 years since I watched that \nkind of us Russians showed by americans. 20 years and no change. Such \nstupid childlish stereotypes and misconceptions, I can't take it seriously. \nI can't take they believe what they want to believe. It seems like they \nhardly stuck up in their own world perception. I couldn't believe for a \nminute what I were seeing on screen such a dying hard movie "
p33
aS"WTF???? It's fucking shit"
p34
aS'we couldnt care less, copy it to a big usb stick and shove it up your ass. \n(not fun when u re trolling trolls or bncs... but i have to keep up :P)'
p35
aS'last true good movie was i am legend plz move more movies like that \nplzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz'
p36
aS'So he had a son? Where the fuck was he in the film be4 this one!?!?!?'
p37
aS'Die hard is my favorite bruce willis movie'
p38
aS"Today i'm going to take dump."
p39
aS'Stop propaganda stupid Americans goverment'
p40
aS'found a good rip here allhdtorrents.t k'
p41
aS"I'm guessing that was the full film condensed into 30 seconds, saves me \nwasting my time downloading it at least."
p42
aS'FUCK YOURSELF IF YOU DONT LIKE IT'
p43
aS'WHAT IS THE MUSIC TOWARDS THE END PLEASE'
p44
aS'i was like 8 when i watched it dude no need to get all nerdy on me but cool'
p45
aS'I thought this one was as good as With A Vengeance, and id say the \nsignature scene is the jump from the window at the hotel'
p46
aS'never saw a die hard movie, should i watch?'
p47
aS'he will die trying in 6'
p48
aS'easily the worse die hard movie'
p49
aS'I thought this one was as good as With A Vengeance, and id say the \nsignature scene is the jump from the window at the hotel'
p50
aS'this movie is disappoint.'
p51
aS'never saw a die hard movie, should i watch?'
p52
aS'he will die trying in 6'
p53
aS'easily the worse die hard movie'
p54
aS"I havn't seen this yet, but I loved all the other movies, then my question \nis; Is this movie really THAT bad?!"
p55
aS"I'd rent it before buying it it sucked, "
p56
aS"I'm on fuckin vacation!"
p57
aS'i thought he had a daughter '
p58
aS"I'm almost 43 years old and I was 18 when the original Die Hard came out \nand 20 with Part II. For me Die Hard ended with part II because both I and \nII had the same feel. Willis looked the same, mid 30s, his wife Holly is in \nboth he is confined to a general area in both, Building in I, Airport in \nII. I like part III but for me it's just a great action film in NY and part \n4 is a great action film in D.C. Part V was an okay action film but not \ngreat. By the way Lucy likes her dad by the end of IV"
p59
aS"Sitting down to watch this on iTunes....WHERE'S THE SUBTITLES??? I don't \nspeak Russian"
p60
aS'car chase, crashes, court bombing and no policemen in sight. '
p61
aS'Die Hard 5: REQUIEM. What a piece of TRASH!!!'
p62
aS'l would not say it is one of my fav but definitely A VERY VERY GOOD MOVIE! \ncan you pls explain to me??? what is bad in the movie and not just say it \nis the worst'
p63
aS'yifi'
p64
aS'You just made my day.'
p65
aS'Was so looking forward to watching this film, shame it turned out how it \nwas. '
p66
aS"The action is your basic action crap, that anyone could do, and there's no \nstory at all. You don't get invested in the characters and the movie could \nhave used more time in describing the relationship between the dad and his \nkids. It was like they just wanted to rush a piece of crap and put the Die \nHard Brand and Bruce Willis name on it. Just because they have an actor \nlike that doesn't mean the movies a default awesome action movie. The whole \nthing was really disappointing. "
p67
aS'Song? please '
p68
aS'0:16 shit just got serious '
p69
aS'Najgluplji od svih delova,prva dva filma su dobra,treci nije \nlos....jednostavno pun kurac mi je ovih novih filmova u kojem ljudi sruse \npola grada,padnu sa visine od 100 metara i ni kurac im...slupaju se 10 puta \nsa autom i zadobiju 2 ogrebotine........'
p70
aS'Drinking Game! Everytime Bruce Willis says Jesus, take a shot. lol.'
p71
aS'in the next die hard his gonna be in space and save the universe.'
p72
aS'Your grammer is the worst I have ever seen.'
p73
aS'Najgluplji od svih delova,prva dva filma su dobra,treci nije \nlos....jednostavno pun kurac mi je ovih novih filmova u kojem ljudi sruse \npola grada,padnu sa visine od 100 metara i ni kurac im...slupaju se 10 puta \nsa autom i zadobiju 2 ogrebotine........'
p74
aS'Drinking Game! Everytime Bruce Willis says Jesus, take a shot. lol.'
p75
aS'in the next die hard his gonna be in space and save the universe.'
p76
aS'Your grammer is the worst I have ever seen.'
p77
aS'Watch online (multi sub) or download HD at: hdmoviezone. \nnet/2013/08/a-good-day-to-die-hard-2013.html'
p78
aS'Not to mention he fucked up the most iconic line in the entire franchise... \nIt was like an after thought when he said it. They were like oh wait, you \nforgot your most iconic line, just add it here. Really disappointed in it. '
p79
aS'1:03 song ?'
p80
aS"I no LIKE it, they destroyed so many cars in the first sequence man. I \ncould've use that Porsche, fucking Hollywood assholes."
p81
aS'Does anyone know where a good quality torrent is for this movie?'
p82
aS"Indeed. And now you've seen it you realise its shit? Completely unrepentant \nrubbish? Cos if you do then we can agree and have no reason to discuss."
p83
aS'WORST MOVIE EVER..PLEASE IGNORE THIS MOVIE !!'
p84
aS'A Good Day to Die Hard (2013) at iwantmovies.info'
p85
aS'This will be a great fathers day movie night lol'
p86
aS"this movie's a lot like Max Payne 3"
p87
aS'I loved this movie!!!!'
p88
aS"Plus there was no signature scene in part 5. Part 1 had the elevator shaft \nfall and the explosives he threw down it to have them backfire back up the \nshaft. Part 2 had the ejection from the airplane with the grenades scene, \nPart 3 had the flooded aqueduct scene on top of the truck and 4 really \ndidn't have one like those either bu it copensated by using the modern \ninternet theme. Part 5 didn't have an original theme or signature action \nscenes. "
p89
aS'Haha this movie only got half of a star out of 5 '
p90
aS'I am so angry they made this movie shit. A lot of things wrong with it. \nFuck the fuckers who wrote and directed it. Plus John Mclane was way off \nhis character of who he really is.'
p91
aS'it shows the ending'
p92
aS"Nope. Die Hard 6: Continent Die Hard 7: The integrity of the Earth's \naquatic system Die Hard 8: Oh fuck it, he's a space marine now."
p93
aS'Next time, John Moore, think before you start to act. Or Go to Hell. Enough \nsaid.'
p94
aS'Die Hard 7: Die Already...!!!!'
p95
aS'dl this at filebook.com.ph'
p96
aS'NO..yipie kai yiee.MTF jhon Mclane in this movie'
p97
a.