(lp0
S"It's about a whore and whores"
p1
aS'what was the point of this movie?! not trying to be mean, i really want to \nknow lol'
p2
aS"This film pushes at the frontiers of mainstream movies, daring to show \nscenes, that border on Necrophilia, Shunamitism and pseudo-paedophilia, if \nit fills you with wonder or revulshion, it has acheived something, the \nBeauty may sleep during this film , but the audience won't.."
p3
aS'i watched that movie only because i love Emily Browning'
p4
aS'Ughh.. Emily Browning is so gorgeous.. but this movie was kinda strange.'
p5
aS'Then you have to ask yourself what kind of people the audience is to enjoy \nsuch a "slutty" movie. Its not just the slutty-ness in this movie that \nbothers me.. that can be found in many movies, its the fact that people \nlike lucitetokki try to attach meaning to such trashy and time wasting \nmovies such as this. Just because it made it to the big screen doesnt mean \nthat it is an artistic or sophisticated movie. people try to find meaning \nin the worst places'
p6
aS'An AMAZING film, really really beautiful... made me think differently about \nthings, not just things that were addressed in the film either!'
p7
aS'Then tell me what makes it "slutty". Is it the fact that the women are... \nextremelly sexy dressed? And why is it "trashy waste of time"?'
p8
aS"This film is like a modern version of Bunuel's Belle de Jour, if you don't \nknow what that means go back to watching Transformers."
p9
aS'err....whats this movie about?'
p10
aS'@Cidiyance If anyone knew what it was you were trying to spell...'
p11
aS'jus watched the movie...i only have one word for it. Dafuq?'
p12
aS'Please watch it if you want to waste your time! Wired movie.'
p13
aS'the girlfriend: my labia matches my lipstick but this film was not \nexquisite or sensual but gross and off the people who wrote this movie need \na psychologist .'
p14
aS'ngekkk '
p15
aS'if she needs money then why does she burn it @0:42 '
p16
aS"i didn't even understand that"
p17
aS"This movie was great. But it's too deep to be mainstream. People don't get \nit."
p18
aS'.....thats just depressing lol'
p19
aS'I loved this movie too:) '
p20
aS"I really didn't like the movie. I couldn't even sleep the night after \nwatching it. it was just too disturbing and weird."
p21
aS'@tharangafo i want link to the sleepy beauty porn site'
p22
aS'we use this carpet in praying !!! why she was half naked !! what is going \non ? '
p23
aS'its a college girl becoming an escort.. a professional and classy \nprostitute for the rich. '
p24
aS'I think everyone is missing the point of this movie.'
p25
aS'@tharangafo i want link to the sleepy beauty porn site'
p26
aS'we use this carpet in praying !!! why she was half naked !! what is going \non ? '
p27
aS'its a college girl becoming an escort.. a professional and classy \nprostitute for the rich. '
p28
aS'I think everyone is missing the point of this movie.'
p29
aS'I found this movie very confusing'
p30
aS'stange movie'
p31
aS'they should have used different title, this ruined sleeping beauty disney \nfor me'
p32
aS'WHY SO MANY HATERS'
p33
aS'@parischad where did you watch itt ?'
p34
aS"Wasn't a bad movie at all, but she probably wouldn't be in another high \npaying mainstream blockbuster movie after this. "
p35
aS'I read the warnings in the comment section saying that it was a movie not \nworth watching... I watched the movie, regardless of those warnings. I \nregret it'
p36
aS"i think she was pumping her stomach .. looks like that don't you think ? \nbut why using a pipe that's the weird part "
p37
aS'Yes:)'
p38
aS'With u there...it sucked'
p39
aS'Actually in the original story, the young woman is put to sleep because of \na prophesy, rather than a curse. And it isnt the kiss of a prince which \nwakes her up: the king seeing her asleep, and rather fancying having a bit, \nrapes her. After nine months she gives birth to two children (while she is \nstill asleep). One of the children sucks her finger which removes the piece \nof flax which was keeping her asleep. She wakes up to find herself raped \nand the mother of two kids. '
p40
aS'ok mom'
p41
aS"Do you actually see what happens in the movie or is it just like the \ntrailer, that the camera zooms out every time she's asleep? Don't know what \ni'd find more disturbing "
p42
aS'I absolutely cannot believe this movie was directed by a woman AND that \nEmily Browning would become a slut. '
p43
aS'I hope none took their kids to see this in tought of taking them to see \nmodern fairytale...'
p44
aS"I 'd never let these old nasty people do to me all those things, no matter \nhow much i got paid to act in this movie. GROSS."
p45
aS'After watching this all I understand is why it is R21'
p46
aS'This movie is weired!'
p47
aS'ther goes my childhood....'
p48
aS'that represented the marbles of the FCUKING VIEWERS THAT WERE LOST WATCHING \nTHIS STUPID ASS MOVIE LOL'
p49
aS"I 'd never let these old nasty people do to me all those things, no matter \nhow much i got paid to act in this movie. GROSS."
p50
aS'After watching this all I understand is why it is R21'
p51
aS'This movie is weired!'
p52
aS'ther goes my childhood....'
p53
aS'that represented the marbles of the FCUKING VIEWERS THAT WERE LOST WATCHING \nTHIS STUPID ASS MOVIE LOL'
p54
aS'The bear likes this.. '
p55
aS'The tube down her mouth is where she volunteered at her university lab for \nmoney, as one of her many jobs.'
p56
aS'holy crap i thought it was disney stuff here.'
p57
aS'I think Emily Browning would be the perfect Anastasia Steele'
p58
aS"Just watched the film a couple of mins ago and what the fuck was that?! It \ndidn't make any fucking sense, plus it was damn boring!"
p59
aS"If you could sum up this movie in one word it'd be : STRANGE"
p60
aS"That's the girl from the Host"
p61
aS'Wow. Emily Browning is gorgeous! Here she looks like a prettier, more \nmainstream Magdalena Frackowiak'
p62
aS"@beautywithinevery1 dude, she lived with SEVEN MEN. didn't you figure ?"
p63
aS'@beautywithinevery1 Actually, in the original sleeping beauty, it took a \nlot more than a kiss to wake her up. Apparently she was a whore anyways! O.o'
p64
aS"What happened i don't get the trailer"
p65
aS'i dont understand this ...wtf??'
p66
aS'How does this movie became "Sleeping beauty"? ?? :/'
p67
aS"This is a great movie. To appreciate it, you need some life experience and \ncreativity/ imagination. DON'T watch it if you lack any of the two."
p68
aS'better read the plot in wiki instead'
p69
aS'Me too, the ending was a complete riddle to me!'
p70
aS"i don't get it..."
p71
aS'WTF is there to get?? this was THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY \nLIFE!!!!'
p72
aS"@Cidiyance You should see her in the movie Sucker Punch. She kicks some \nserious butt in that one (well it is an action movie). I have yet to see \nthis movie, I'm considering it but I'm worried it might be a bit too \ngraphic for me. Was it any good?"
p73
aS'i dont understand this ...wtf??'
p74
aS'How does this movie became "Sleeping beauty"? ?? :/'
p75
aS"This is a great movie. To appreciate it, you need some life experience and \ncreativity/ imagination. DON'T watch it if you lack any of the two."
p76
aS'better read the plot in wiki instead'
p77
aS'Me too, the ending was a complete riddle to me!'
p78
aS"i don't get it..."
p79
aS'WTF is there to get?? this was THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY \nLIFE!!!!'
p80
aS"@Cidiyance You should see her in the movie Sucker Punch. She kicks some \nserious butt in that one (well it is an action movie). I have yet to see \nthis movie, I'm considering it but I'm worried it might be a bit too \ngraphic for me. Was it any good?"
p81
aS'da fuck?'
p82
aS'@belljar78 definitely not good.'
p83
aS'Actually, that is Snow White u are talking about...'
p84
aS'Does someone know what is the game, and who is the master of that game \nafter emilly buys the mini camera ? ( I thing its Othello ? )'
p85
aS'thats fucked up'
p86
aS'Hi. I did not understand the end part. So, because she breached privacy, \nher penalty is being kicked from that job just like what happened to the \nother girl? Thank you.'
p87
aS'is this R Rated? PG 13???? or sumthing? tell me.'
p88
aS'paideees einai ntip malakia to ergoo! eilikrina mn to deiteee!'
p89
aS'this was such a waste of time, didnt gain anything -_- '
p90
aS'2 hours gone to waste'
p91
aS'this movie is actually partly based on a book entitled the house of \nsleeping beauties.'
p92
aS'"this movie was directed by a woman..." *pause* everyone goes "ahhhhhh, \nmakes sense now"'
p93
aS'Emily Browning in the nude, Whats not to like?'
p94
aS"@beautywithinevery1 Actually in the original fairytale, sleeping beauty was \nRaped and couldn't wake up. Untill the prince was having sex with her and \nshe was forced to have his kids, she was also married to him. Alot of the \nGrimm stories had Rape and incest but Disney changed them alot to make them \nfamily friendly..in the movie she was awoken by a kiss not sex. Just so you \nknow,"
p95
aS'if you like emily browning you SHOULD whatch this movie she is nude about \nhalf of the movie BEAUTIFUL!!!11!! '
p96
aS'where can i watch tht'
p97
a.