(lp0
S"This girl don't got nothing on yuuno...."
p1
aS'THE CRAZY BITCH KILLED A KITTEN WITH A WASHER MACHINE!'
p2
aS'This is a good movie. Its kinda scary though because I was in this type of \nsituation. Luckily I got myself out of there though, but Idk if thats gonna \nend the whole thing. I have a feeling its gonna get ugly eventually. '
p3
aS'Loved minka in Friday night lights '
p4
aS"I haven't watched this movie for like three years now\nbut I still hate that psycho bitch for killing the cat..\nIt's actually funny at this trailer how the movie looks like an average \nteen movie at first but it's like the most psychotic thriller I've ever \nwatched xD"
p5
aS'It was not a belly button ring. It was an ear piercing that she ripped out. \n'
p6
aS'FANGIRLING OVER MATT LANTER<3<3<3<3<3<3'
p7
aS'Matt Lanter...Nina Dobrev....Blair Waldorf, OMG this movie is the best :o<3'
p8
aS'I actually really liked this movie!!!!'
p9
aS'Lol the worst thing you can do it ripe out a belly button ring!?'
p10
aS'Leighton meester <3'
p11
aS'The fact that she tossed the kitten into the washer made me so sad :<'
p12
aS'I almost got a heartattack just by watching the trailer, but I will watch \nit anyway cuz it looked good ! ahaha.'
p13
aS'Damn, crazy ass bitch I would not want her as a roommate nor a girlfriend, \nshe seems like the rommatinator, sent from the future to make your life a \nliving hell lol'
p14
aS'Sara is sexy'
p15
aS'Sarah and Rebecca look like they can be sisters in real life they look so \nmuch a like.'
p16
aS"that bitch fucking killed the cat, i'm done."
p17
aS'"'
p18
aS'looks awesome gonna watch it'
p19
aS'All I thought during this was BLAIR WALDORF !!!'
p20
aS'Copied the movie "Single, White Female'
p21
aS'Another Lifetime movie on steroids'
p22
aS"My college roommate was this dude who look' (No homo) actually good, he was \na well trained dude, he's doing sport playing games and all boys stuff like \nme, he would even sometimes sneek a girl in to our room and have sex with \nthem when i'm gone, he would either tell me about it or i would smell \nsomething weird or find a used comdom in our room, somehow i found out that \nhe was Bi/Gay and now i'm scared as fuck 'cuz he is a slut and would sleep \nwith everyone, he even asked me if i was into boys.."
p23
aS'They make hostel life so easy'
p24
aS'When she ripped the belly button ring out 0.o'
p25
aS'Name of song in the beginning? :)'
p26
aS'Saw this today.. and after my mum was like .. "okay so next time you think \nthat your mates are being controlling, its nothing compared to this."'
p27
aS'yaaa'
p28
aS'Boring'
p29
aS'I had a friend in sixth grade who some how go into my school file to get my \naddress and every time I hung out with someone else she went down to the \nprincipals office and made up some lie about them.'
p30
aS'I LOVE THIS MOVIE!! <3 Leighton Meester is sexy <3'
p31
aS'LOL I LOVED THE MOVIE soo funny XD <3'
p32
aS"A ha, the car....my roommate's brother would come visit him all the time \nand he was kind of annoying, but he had a car and would drive us places so \nwe put up with him. "
p33
aS'This is the perfect movie for a bad movie night...xD'
p34
aS"Start of trailer: 'oh its a buddy movie!' End: runs away from the computer \nscreaming"
p35
aS'What kind of piercing did she rip out at 1:37'
p36
aS'Very good movie I love it.'
p37
aS'this movie was great omg rebecca one crazy bitch!!'
p38
aS'@softballgirl146 i think it was a bellybutton piercing'
p39
aS'yeah this is pretty much a crappy remake of single white female'
p40
aS'the belly ring part makes me cringe !'
p41
aS'Uhhhh ok then.....'
p42
aS'first i thought it was a college movie then i thought ok lesbians, the i \nsee the boyfriend ok not lesbians then it started to get very creepy. WTF. \nI spent 4 years in dorms, this shit is creepy i m never watching this movie '
p43
aS'what should we name him... mr kittyfantastico!'
p44
aS'this looks like a lifetime movie '
p45
aS'Leighton is the reason i watched. this was good she made it better then a \npg 13 horror movie should be'
p46
aS'beginning of trailer- :) end of trailer- 0_o'
p47
aS"i don't want to see the movie after seen the trailer! it was fuckin scarey!"
p48
aS'Leighton is the reason I watched the movie buy it was okay. Noy super scary \nbut a movie you will think of when you have a roomate'
p49
aS"i love this movie those damn girls are so hot ;) oh love rebecca's eyes... \nso mezmerrising :)))"
p50
aS'I honestly LOVED it.'
p51
aS'the movie was really great'
p52
aS'this movie was epic'
p53
aS'Great movie'
p54
aS'i liked the movie but it was not scary at all!!!! the only thing she killed \nwas the cat and sarahs ex boyfriend they make it seem like she killed the \ngas station guy, tracey (girl in shower),the girl tied to the bed and they \neven make it look like she killed sarahs bofriend but she doesnt!!!! even \nthough i like the movie it was not scary! :( real dissapointed i expected \nbeter...'
p55
aS'This movie really sucked!!!:('
p56
aS'Is this horror? sorry could someone answer quick haha i dont like horrors \n;) hahaha'
p57
aS'that bitch killed cuddles............KILL HER! '
p58
aS'Beginning of the trailer- :) Middle- :-! Ending-0_o'
p59
aS"I'll get it on blu-ray, i'll show it to my brother."
p60
aS'i would fuck every girl in this movie'
p61
aS"it's not scarey at all "
p62
aS'This movie sucked.'
p63
aS'this got creepy real fast'
p64
aS'Lol what a fucking stupid movie'
p65
aS'Single white female'
p66
aS'Ok I liked this movie, but only because of Leighton! I am now in college, \nand was afraid really because of this movie! Thank you movie for making me \nfeel like this! Haha! Only kidding, my roommate is totally sane and really \nnice!!!!'
p67
aS'It is duh'
p68
aS"oh when she is sitting down with her boyfriend and she says im her only \nfriend that's not even in the movie what she rlly says im already her best \nfriend.... and when she is stalking sarahs boyfriend in the library he \ndoesn't even see her when ever he moves the book so its like not scary at \nall but i still o love the movie"
p69
aS'pretty kewl '
p70
aS'OMG I love this movie !!'
p71
aS'The movie was pretty good'
p72
aS'I just watched this movie and LOL its FUNNY:D'
p73
a.