(lp0
S"Brad Pitt is an average actor. Nothing more nothing less. But he pulls it \nof in these average kinda movies. Wouldn't give him a real heavy character \nrole, really. He's verry limited."
p1
aS'Bradd Pitt is great in this movie. '
p2
aS'Bill'
p3
aS'It was great Movie...lol'
p4
aS'Bill'
p5
aS'Booooriinnngggg'
p6
aS"Best film I've seen in years!  Some people like it, some people hate it.  I \ndon't know why. Best not to read about it. Go get the video."
p7
aS'pelicula fea mala mala'
p8
aS''
p9
aS'This Movie was so Bad Brad just had to go and adopt another black baby but \nthen when world war z did good he adopt a white baby Brad pitt a Awesome \nguy.'
p10
aS'Bad movie, only 2 great scene in the whole movie, at the start and at the \nend!'
p11
aS'bag of wank movie '
p12
aS'johnny cash ! '
p13
aS'Great actors, got to be good. '
p14
aS'Agreed, this movie sucked! The subliminal message of the economic crash \nplayed in the background throughout the entire movie strobe lights and all.'
p15
aS'this was a great movie and the ending was the best .'
p16
aS'well this looks like a million other films made approx 15 years ago lol'
p17
aS'FOR THE BEST HIT SCENE IN THE MOVIE - /AZYdsl7p90g (youtube)'
p18
aS'This is a movie where you are constantly thinking, "Something\'s gonna \nhappen soon..." but it never does. At the end your left going "I just \nwasted part of my life watching this shit!". '
p19
aS'IS THIS A SEQUEL 2 THE MOVIE : "KILLING ME SOFTLY"...HAHA. ARE THERE \nSCARCITY IN MOVIE TITLES?!'
p20
aS'its tony!!! godam this movie has got so many good actors in it. gonna be \nfreaken epic. love these mobster type films.'
p21
aS"I saw the movie last night with two friends. Thought it was one of the \nworst movies that I've even seen. Bray Pitt, dull as dirt. Tony Saprano, \nawful.... Ray Liotta, well he looked rough and very old. "
p22
aS"team fortress 2 - scout's force of nature 0:14"
p23
aS'Is this a movie, or a tv show?'
p24
aS'This movie is an adaptation of a crime novel from 1974 called Cogan\'s \nTrade. Brad Pitt is a point man, which is a person that does recon for a \nhitman/hires the right hitman for a job. Ray Liotta got robbed and hired \nBrad to get the two guys that robbed him killed. On top of that Ray Liotta \nis being attacked by affiliates of the other members of the high stakes \ncards game that got robbed. So there\'s your plot and history, amazing what \npaying attention and clicking "show more" can do for you.'
p25
aS"team fortress 2 - scout's force of nature 0:14"
p26
aS"I'll wait till it comes out on rental...."
p27
aS'Ok what car is that at 0.07 . beautifull '
p28
aS'Is this a movie, or a tv show?'
p29
aS'This movie is an adaptation of a crime novel from 1974 called Cogan\'s \nTrade. Brad Pitt is a point man, which is a person that does recon for a \nhitman/hires the right hitman for a job. Ray Liotta got robbed and hired \nBrad to get the two guys that robbed him killed. On top of that Ray Liotta \nis being attacked by affiliates of the other members of the high stakes \ncards game that got robbed. So there\'s your plot and history, amazing what \npaying attention and clicking "show more" can do for you.'
p30
aS'no, his name was robert paulson'
p31
aS'Goes up like a bonfire, hold on....haha...awesome :D'
p32
aS'ROFL '
p33
aS'scenes of my dick for 90minutes could get 96% on rotten tomatos'
p34
aS'name of that country song?'
p35
aS'0:51 George Michael xD'
p36
aS"I'd have no problem whacking any annoying character who uses double \nnegatives, doubt anybody would miss 'em."
p37
aS'hollywood really fucking likes this song...exploiting the shit out of it \nthisyear'
p38
aS'brad pitt is so boring'
p39
aS"Tony Soprany and Henry Hill in one movie, now that's something to watch!"
p40
aS'It\'s actually a brilliant film, the reason so many won\'t enjoy it is \nbecause Dominik doesn\'t emtionally invest too much in the characters ( i.e \ndeaths aren\'t that sad etc.) as the underlying currant of the film is that \n\'money is in charge, America is a business, everyone for themselves\' As \nmost people who would have watched this are, for lack of a better phrase, \ndumb fucks, this would have completely gone over their heads and sit at the \nend of the film thinking "wtf was that."'
p41
aS'Only good thing about this movie was the funny scenes such as the panty \nhose and dish washing gloves... and Bratt Pitt.. especially the car \nconversations with Richard Jenkins'
p42
aS'i love it that they suddenly started using a lot of Johnny Cash in modern \nmovies'
p43
aS'Johnny Cash - When The Man Comes Around '
p44
aS'Was that Slaine that hit by car blowing up? '
p45
aS"that the definitions of a perfect trailer: it looks and feels epic, but it \ndoesn't spoil the story at all"
p46
aS'God when the music starts and they show brad blowing that smoke... that \nshit is perfectly timed and so cool. Well made trailer im hype as fuck for \nthis.'
p47
aS'Ben button was still hot as a man baby..;)'
p48
aS'This really looked like the film Pulp Fiction. '
p49
aS'God when the music starts and they show brad blowing that smoke... that \nshit is perfectly timed and so cool. Well made trailer im hype as fuck for \nthis.'
p50
aS'Ben button was still hot as a man baby..;)'
p51
aS"There's something about a BA Brad Pitt, with long sideburns, sunset \nsunglasses and blowing out smoke in slomo to Johnny Cash, that sells it \ninstantly"
p52
aS'This really looked like the film Pulp Fiction. '
p53
aS'WHAT a pos movie.....that and its a campain for obama. PASS pass pass'
p54
aS"Cant tell if he's calling himself very bad (which he is, very badman) or \nhe's expressing his opinion for the film, either way, learn to control that \ncaps lock bro"
p55
aS'i am agree '
p56
aS'Fuck this shit.'
p57
aS"this is absolutely the worst movie i've ever seen, did they put a gun to \nall this good actors heads to get them to accept this shitty script. "
p58
aS'Richard Jenkins is such a phenomenal actor '
p59
aS'F@#$ me! This movie looks bad ass! '
p60
aS'used also in the dawn of the dead (2004)'
p61
aS'I think this film is really good, yes it could have been better but some of \nthe criticism is a bit over the top.'
p62
aS'wait wait wait.... Killing Them Softly is the special show from Dave \nChappelle... Where is he????'
p63
aS"Gun shots, car crashes, punch lines and style hungry camera angles, shit I \nthink I'll watch this one..."
p64
aS"Looks like him and I've read that he is in the movie so most likely"
p65
aS'i regret losing time watching this drivel.'
p66
aS'Brad Pitt. Johnny Cash. Ok, here we go.'
p67
aS'Its terrible'
p68
aS'Ray Liotta'
p69
aS'WTF Is Ray L geting kicked around in so many roles..A true bad ass \nactor,,,Brad pitt is a twat'
p70
aS'Very few ppl know me....'
p71
aS"Richard Jenkins is one of the best actors in movies, as is Ray Liotta. Hard \nto believe neither of them have won Oscars, yet pretty boy one-notes like \nGeorge Clooney (who plays every character exactly the same in every movie \nhe's in) gets nominated year after year. Oh well, that's Hollywood."
p72
aS'This trailer is really confusing yet it looks like a good movie to watch. '
p73
aS"Looks like him and I've read that he is in the movie so most likely"
p74
aS'i regret losing time watching this drivel.'
p75
aS'Brad Pitt. Johnny Cash. Ok, here we go.'
p76
aS'Its terrible'
p77
aS'Ray Liotta'
p78
aS'WTF Is Ray L geting kicked around in so many roles..A true bad ass \nactor,,,Brad pitt is a twat'
p79
aS'Very few ppl know me....'
p80
aS"Richard Jenkins is one of the best actors in movies, as is Ray Liotta. Hard \nto believe neither of them have won Oscars, yet pretty boy one-notes like \nGeorge Clooney (who plays every character exactly the same in every movie \nhe's in) gets nominated year after year. Oh well, that's Hollywood."
p81
aS'This trailer is really confusing yet it looks like a good movie to watch. '
p82
aS'how come everyone Mentions Brad Pitt & James Gandolfini AND NOT RAY FUCKING \nLIOTTA !!!??!!??!!!!!! '
p83
aS'i cant wait for the other second half to come out :).........long ass \ntrailer.'
p84
aS'the guy from the perfume commerfcial'
p85
aS'bullshit, I liked it'
p86
aS'Johnny Cash - The Man Comes Around.'
p87
aS'brad is coming :*D'
p88
aS'The only thing this film needs is a Violent ass rape.'
p89
aS"Thanks for being an ass. You can't even reply properly so good on yea"
p90
aS'they cut out "fuck" but left the "uck". You can basically hear him say \n"what the fuck is this?"'
p91
aS'This was a shitty movie. very boring. '
p92
aS'kirringu zem sofuturi desu ka :O'
p93
aS'honestly this movie sucks'
p94
aS'This movie looked so good and I was excited then I saw it and was so \ndisappointed this was a horrible movie.'
p95
aS'whats the name of the song from 1:38'
p96
aS'1:02'
p97
a.