(lp0
S'When you look at this movie and how wonderful it is you have to \nwonder...WHY THE FUCK DID MARK WHALBERG DO TRANSFORMERS AGE OF EXTINCTION!? \n I mean come on you produced this film as well as stared and you did the \nsame with Lone Survivor! What were you thinking!'
p1
aS'good movie'
p2
aS'great movie, I realised froM this movie that bale could have made a great \nJoker'
p3
aS'Christian bales best performance'
p4
aS'academy award nominee-mark walberg\nchristian bale\nacademy award nominee-amy adams\nbale has no title in the trailer but he is the one who won an academy award \nfor that movie,so now it is ACADEMY AWARD WINNER-christian bale'
p5
aS'Touha porazit soupee v ringu se mn i v boj za rodinu a vlastn hrdost... \nFighter: ztra od 19 hodin ve FILMartu Arcidiecznho muzea. '
p6
aS'A volte i sogni si realizzano....bellissima storia tanta passione coraggio \ncuore umilt '
p7
aS'wanna see a film with these two in but more gritty than this...this looks a \nbit hollywood cliche'
p8
aS'BALE tiiiiiiime!'
p9
aS"this trailer literally gave away the whole entire movie, i don't even want \nto watch it anymore"
p10
aS'Great '
p11
aS"Guys the trailer did give a lot of information but I mean it's a true story \nso you can't get too angry cuz like people who used to follow old boxing \nalready knew the end and stuff so it's not too big of a deal but anyways \ngreat performance by both of my favorite actors"
p12
aS'Lousy trailer,great movie'
p13
aS'How did Christian n Amy get Oscar nods but not Mark?'
p14
aS"Everybody was superb but overall it was Bale's movie and you give him like \n10 seconds in the trailer?"
p15
aS'This movie worth watching only because of Christian Bale. Brilliant \nperformance.'
p16
aS'Two of my absolute favorite men<3 '
p17
aS'Bale rules!'
p18
aS"I feel like i've seen it all in 2 min ..."
p19
aS'Looks more like a summary than trailer.'
p20
aS'This movies was a bit inaccurate\nAfter sanchez he had heaps of fights before getting the title shot \nAnd before he fort mike mugin he says hes had a few bad fight when he had \nonly ever lost 1 fight up until than '
p21
aS'Every one said Christian bale made this movie great but it was mark \nwallberg'
p22
aS'they both really inspire me alot , awesome movie , at the end you can see \nthat the real ppl the movie based on look exactly like mark and christian \ngreat acting performances done there.'
p23
aS'So bad trailer...\nSo good movie'
p24
aS'This movie and One more night have a common ;)'
p25
aS'Christian and Mark were perfect working with one another. It was so \nbelievable. They even got the accents down of the real Mickey and Dickey! \nGreat movie! HEAD, BODY, HEAD, BODY!'
p26
aS'What 2 songs are these'
p27
aS'Happy Birthday Christian !'
p28
aS'And heeeere isssss "Bat Man"! :D'
p29
aS"Don't know if you guys know but Mark Walberg has confirmed the sequel is in \ndevelopment!!!! "
p30
aS'jesus, what a family,,, the sisters look like they were left out in the sun \ntoo long and have started to melt'
p31
aS'1:35'
p32
aS' '
p33
aS'My man Christian Bale !!! The Fighter !! '
p34
aS'amazing film !!!'
p35
aS'dam i just watched the whole movie in this 2 1/2 minute video.'
p36
aS'  '
p37
aS'"Mr. Ran Out" the word "Fighter" is only mentioned 3 Times in this Trailer.\nI Wonder if anyone knows whether or not the lowell Cops really broke His \nHand?'
p38
aS'                  \n       2tag'
p39
aS'I want to see this movie so bad'
p40
aS"Mark Wahlberg's boxing technique looks like shit, Bale on the other hand \nhas done his homework, he was the reason this movie was such a hit, \nWahlberg is shitty character actor anyway."
p41
aS'Film Quote of the Day:\n\n"You\'re not a steppin\' stone anymore - I always knew you had the talent." \n\n- The Fighter (2010)'
p42
aS'Babe u thawt i say paris no i said Poor US!!!'
p43
aS'Barollerini Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale ve Amy Adams\'n paylat, \ngerek bir hikayeden beyaz perdeye uyarlanan "Dv" bu akam Kanaltrk \nekranlarnda. Dicky Eklund efsanevi eski boksrdr. Ancak yeteneini boa \nharcam ve baar imknn kaybetmitir. Micky Ward ise Dicky\'nin vey \nkardeidir. Bir yandan iyi bir boksr olmann mcadelesini verirken bir \nyandan da aabeyinin glgesinden kmaya almaktadr. \nhttp://tr.dakick.com/movie/the-fighter'
p44
aS'Amo a Christian Bale por esta pelcula! '
p45
aS'great movie, and christian bale is just awesome. '
p46
aS'This movie was fucking amazing. '
p47
aS'why the fuck do they tell the whole story in the trailer ??'
p48
aS'This trailer is literally the whole movie. WTF'
p49
aS"Just saw the movie and I'm definitely watching it again soon."
p50
aS'Christain bale brought me here..'
p51
aS'movies like these would be much better without stupid cheesy music'
p52
aS'didnt even need to watch the whole trailer either'
p53
aS'I love this movie'
p54
aS"christian bale lost a lot of weight for a movie again. can't say that's \nvery good for him. "
p55
aS'1 kick ass movie'
p56
aS'blown away by amy adams.. and Id just daw this trailer !'
p57
aS'Lmfaoo yeh it is '
p58
aS'10/10. Masterpiece '
p59
aS'Mark is so bigger now.'
p60
aS'aw ok thanks.'
p61
aS'What a ridiculous trailer At least let there be a few surprises when people \nwatch the film instead of giving away every plot point in the fucking \ntrailer'
p62
aS'So glad I watch the movie first.'
p63
aS'yeah me too! '
p64
aS'Audiomachine-Breath & Life'
p65
aS'One of the best movies I watched.'
p66
aS'i still like this and Raging Bull better than rocky.'
p67
aS'well since this is a true story and rocky wasnt i doubt that'
p68
aS'he does, for this movie, where have you been?'
p69
aS'I hate it when people say the trailer shown you the whole movie, you only \nknow its shown you important things after you watched the movie and come \nand watch the trailer again'
p70
aS"you haven't, trust me. definitely worth a watch! "
p71
aS'Amazing movie!'
p72
aS'Amazing movie!'
p73
aS"I freakin love this movie because I'm hugh fan of Micky Ward and Mark \nWahlberg is one of my favorite actors. "
p74
aS'bales best work'
p75
aS'Batman meets Lois Lane'
p76
aS'scumbag polic'
p77
aS'everybody dies at the end ! '
p78
aS'ME!'
p79
aS'he is my favorite actor. '
p80
aS'Christian bale was freaking genius in this film!'
p81
aS'WTF that was christian bale?!'
p82
aS'Very good movie!'
p83
aS"Trust me, you haven't lol"
p84
aS'The second music is Reaching by Audiomachine.'
p85
aS'This trailer gives too much away...'
p86
aS'but alfred he got an oscar for "this particular shit" :DDD'
p87
aS'reaching by audiomachine'
p88
aS'nice film i like them both.. '
p89
aS"mick's entire drug problem was left out"
p90
aS'That\'s why I never watch trailers... I watched the Fellowship of the Ring \none too many damn times way back in 2001 until I realized it spoils the \nmovie experience. From then on, NEVER AGAIN! They either show the plot \nand/or the best sequences! You wanna say "Holy shit! DID YOU SEE THAT?" and \nnot "Oh, I saw that in the trailer". (same stuff with video game ones hihi) '
p91
aS'Win*'
p92
aS'this trailer is the movie.'
p93
aS'Mark looks like the guy from 2 and a half men when hes wearing his \nmouthpiece lol'
p94
aS'Christian Bale won the oscar for this are you fucked up?'
p95
aS'Chills!! I want to watch this movie right now!'
p96
a.