(lp0
S"This movie is just meant to have fun with. It wasn't made to win an Oscar."
p1
aS"One of the worst movies I've ever seen. Seriously."
p2
aS'incase you were thinking of watching this, its shite'
p3
aS'Love it '
p4
aS'Robot Godzilla'
p5
aS'If u look at this movie as a tribute to navy vets, I think u will enjoy it \n:D'
p6
aS'Neeson has too much make-up on.'
p7
aS'Best movie I have seen.'
p8
aS'battle ship'
p9
aS"Why don't they just ask Tony Stark to fire a tank missel at the aliens? ;D"
p10
aS'They should have changed the name to "Extraterrestrial Leap Frog" (cuz you \nknow, the alien vessels jump) .. sigh i liked the movie for its action and \ncgi,  but i wish they put more in it, but for reals though, its \nbattleship!! why aliens? i dont remember playing a board game with aliens \npart of the set pieces. and so if its only gonna be aliens as the enemy, i \nwish they incorporated like.. all the ships like the submarine and carriers \nand what not, like for a search of the aliens under the sea..or in the \nenvironment of a foggy ocean setting,  then you know, have it be like a \n"guessing game"  (just like the board game) where to hit targets, and vice \nversa, that would\'ve been cool with dramatic features a part of it.. know \nwhat im saying? none of this bullshit side story of love.... SHIT, and the \nvideo game was a freaking first person shooter with no strategic element in \nit at all FPS... OF BATTLESHIP.....okay im done haha.'
p11
aS'It s a complete piece of suit!! '
p12
aS'  This is My Ship!'
p13
aS'the only good thing about this movie is Liam Neeson'
p14
aS'I dont know eng. language very good.'
p15
aS'BATTLESHIT'
p16
aS'like if you only saw this movie because rihanna'
p17
aS"District 9 alliens landed in Johanesburg. I think that one had good plot. \nYou should watch it. Sharlto Copley is one of favourite actors (not because \nof the movie though). Can't wait for Elysuim...I think it's gonna be a good \none."
p18
aS'why the hell people think they in reality will attack ?? they just put a \nbiologic wepond or a virus and bang by human race lol and i dont understand \nwhy allways in alien movies the war is in USA ,why not in EU or \nrussia...etc.etc.'
p19
aS'He had a Australian flag on his helmet...also its a FUCKING MOVIE...'
p20
aS"Cool visual effects, but not much else. Don't consider this movie as worth \nmy money."
p21
aS"Well there was a reason they landed here in specific... Cause of the \nsatellites...If the satellites where some where else in the world they \nwould've landed there."
p22
aS"This is total bullshit! Battleship (BB) type of ships does not exist \nanymore!I don't know what to say... this is just bullshit!"
p23
aS"Thank goodness for america!!! Saving us from aliens again. Because if \naliens came hundreds of light years across the solar system with there much \nmore advanced technology, all it would take is an american bum and a 80 \nyear old battleship to save us. MuHahahahahahaha I was surprised at the end \nto see a British fighter plane finishing them off. But more surprised that \nthe pilot didn't pull off his mask and say.......Oh jolly good my old chap, \nGod save the queen."
p24
aS'nipple 0:16'
p25
aS'nipple 0:16'
p26
aS'THIS MONSTER IS NAUTILUS :DDD'
p27
aS'yea never once New Zealand'
p28
aS'I saw it and liked it dickhead'
p29
aS'only country conspericuously to believe in extraterrestrial aliens'
p30
aS'Every time Rihanna gets beaten im like yeah bitch this how crhis brown doin.'
p31
aS"lol I think there has been UFO's in Japan, Russia, Mexico, UK, Ukrane, \nZwisterland, and almost every big city. The only thing i din't like about \nthis movie is that they destroyed a star ship's glass ( that its ment to \nwidstand space travel and made by what it looks like a type 1 civilization \nturning to type 2) with a .50 cal. rifle XD that was cheap even for America \nlol"
p32
aS'another bad movie, what could be next? "Pancho Villa the Wolf-Man Hunter"?!'
p33
aS'This is the first movie when the fact that aliens attack USA is actually \nlogical.It has a reason...'
p34
aS'MANTABS GAN......'
p35
aS'It was announced by Michael Bay that it was to be released in July 2014 by '
p36
aS"don't expect to be seeing invading aliens everyday"
p37
aS'so ?!!'
p38
aS'lol u guys complaining about usa saving all. usa movie would be pro-usa, \ngenius. just like any foreign movie would positively represent that \nforeignness, make sense?'
p39
aS'crysis meets halo and transformers?'
p40
aS'You forgot Japan,but the thing is their aliens are Sexy.O_O..'
p41
aS'noooob extraterrestre lance grenade ???? "_!'
p42
aS'My mistake!!.... Also its a FUCKING JOKE... :)'
p43
aS'nope. 386 ;)'
p44
aS'I actually liked this movie '
p45
aS'Yeah best at bombing weak, oil rich countries in name of freedom and \ndemocracy. '
p46
aS'I want Liam Neeson to say: "You sunk my battleship!".'
p47
aS'yeah but the US are pussies '
p48
aS'love this moive it made want to join the navy'
p49
aS'I want Liam Neeson to say: "You sunk my battleship!".'
p50
aS'YEP'
p51
aS'yeah but the US are pussies '
p52
aS"i liked it, it was very gallant, but why isn't there marines with firearms \npresent while they look at that alien. and that black man with no legs, \nmake him a general. question, was that an Aussie in a super hornet? "
p53
aS'love this moive it made want to join the navy'
p54
aS'district 9 is a playing in africa :)'
p55
aS'hahahahahahaha xD they always do'
p56
aS'esto va hacer un peliculon '
p57
aS'malaha motherfucker ! :)'
p58
aS"will then it's good to be in another country when they attack"
p59
aS'imagine if it launches the game in multiplayer heads low until I see the \nold 20gb is kk '
p60
aS'+ James T. Kirk enlisted in Starfleet in the USA'
p61
aS'do not waste your time watching this movie. hey I know it is hard to do a \nfilm with such a game more aliens who are this film are the most stupid I \nhave ever seen. WHAT saved and the special effects still does not cover the \nmajor flaw of the film and see the best avengers.'
p62
aS"The movie is actually better than I thought. If you liked transformers, \nyou'll probably like battleship too."
p63
aS'i love failed alien invasions cuz now we gonna reverse engineer all their \ncrap!! '
p64
aS'1:20 Eric Northman <3'
p65
aS"I love Rihanna <3 and she is the reason to see this movie and i know i'll \nwaste my time for a stupid movie :P"
p66
aS'Because this movie is made in the US. British movies featured aliens in the \nUK. Japanese movies featured aliens in Japan. French movies featured aliens \nin France. I could go on forever.'
p67
aS'the trailer was too damn booring to watch.. US ARMY is gay in the ass'
p68
aS'Battleship: The Game: The Movie: The Game sucks :('
p69
aS'Great film, loved ever second, great escapism! What movies are there for!!'
p70
aS'thanks for the spoilers, brother -.- After watching the trailer I was at \nthinking just that "Americans and Republicans in particular, are so \ndesperate for failing their forefathers utopian dream, that they got at the \npoint where they rely on false news and brute force to impose authority \nboth homeland and 3rd world... and thus ending up founding crappier and \ncrappier war movies"... ....but was going to give the movie a chance \nbecause of the special FX and the aliens... and then you blew it -.-'
p71
aS'i love it!!!!'
p72
aS'  . '
p73
aS'Because this movie is made in the US. British movies featured aliens in the \nUK. Japanese movies featured aliens in Japan. French movies featured aliens \nin France. I could go on forever.'
p74
aS'the trailer was too damn booring to watch.. US ARMY is gay in the ass'
p75
aS'Starring Vin Diesel, riding them furiously in to the ground. Giddi the fuck \nup!'
p76
aS'Battleship: The Game: The Movie: The Game sucks :('
p77
aS'Great film, loved ever second, great escapism! What movies are there for!!'
p78
aS'thanks for the spoilers, brother -.- After watching the trailer I was at \nthinking just that "Americans and Republicans in particular, are so \ndesperate for failing their forefathers utopian dream, that they got at the \npoint where they rely on false news and brute force to impose authority \nboth homeland and 3rd world... and thus ending up founding crappier and \ncrappier war movies"... ....but was going to give the movie a chance \nbecause of the special FX and the aliens... and then you blew it -.-'
p79
aS'i love it!!!!'
p80
aS'  . '
p81
aS'A Turkish sailor, in such a case to say:lan eokeek siktir git lan amna \nkoduumun yarat seni :)))'
p82
aS'All of them '
p83
aS"movie directors don't want to go to any remote country. it costs too much "
p84
aS"That's what happens when I don't eat healthy stuff."
p85
aS'epic? its cheap..too much advertising for a medium movie'
p86
aS'i like battle MOViES .. ; ) '
p87
aS'Well regardless Battleships are bad ass '
p88
aS'This is in fact one of the few movies that i felt like cheering and being \nall like "Fuck Yeah" with the Americans. Ignoring the bigotry crap about \nhow the Americans save everyone in every movie made this movie quite \nenjoyable. I suggest you do the same and try to enjoy it. It\'s actually a \nquite nice movie.'
p89
aS'Check this out gamers, A new revolution is here, Your Gamer Box, subscribe \nand get 1 video game and snacks to go along. Get on the sign up list! \nFacebook @yourgamerbox. There can be no other!'
p90
aS'Oh God, was any sentence there grammatically correct?'
p91
aS'I CAN'
p92
aS'The best at everything. bombing those 3rd world countries is the best that \ncan happen to economy '
p93
aS'It is a failure as a Sci-fi movie.'
p94
aS'1:18 bad luck brian'
p95
aS"I'm downloading this movie RIGHT NOW!"
p96
aS'Its a classic pop corn movie B| '
p97
a.