(lp0
S'I loved the trailer it was so bad ass!!! Lol'
p1
aS'causes a war that lasts hundreds of years for dat ass...... worth it'
p2
aS'I Love when he go on his rant . We Can By Lycans '
p3
aS'IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT!?!? WE CAN BE SLAVES OR WE CAN BE "small pause" \nLYCANS!!!!!!!'
p4
aS'Rhona Mitra, Michael Sheen, and Bill Nigh were AWESOME in this movie :D It \ndid a great job telling the back story to the war between the Death Dealers \nand the Lycans! Extreme "Romeo + Juliet" for real!'
p5
aS'Buddha sides with Lycans!'
p6
aS'Blonde hair is nearly 15 000 years old.'
p7
aS'To everyone saying hair dye didn\'t exist in the middle ages- \neven the Greeks and Romans had primitive tools using lemons and hot water/ \nanimal dyes.  And by the late middle ages/renaissance (which I believe is \naround the time of the film- mid 1400\'s, hence the full body plate mail) \nyou had several well-known "blonde" women in countries that generally did \nnot have that colour.  See "Lucrezia Borgia" for a famous example of this. '
p8
aS"We are not animals ! I'll kill you , all of you !  "
p9
aS'u'
p10
aS'No Kate :('
p11
aS'the history stayed the same they added a few twists is all '
p12
aS"Do you believe that blonde is artificial then? In that case, I'm an AI !"
p13
aS"Ok liked how they showed the whole back story - regarding how the whole war \nbegan .. under rated movie because of Kate Beckinsale's absence but still a \ngood movie. But she ( Rhona Mitra ) CANNOT replace Kate in any movie... yes \ni realize she ( mitra ) wasn't suppose to because this is inteded to be a \ntype of prequel to tell the whole beginning story.... still no kate = :("
p14
aS'Bill nighy made this movie epic'
p15
aS'try 1 channel.com'
p16
aS'guess what.....'
p17
aS"That's because the model they hired to play Sonja in Underworld refused to \ndye her hair, and they didn't have enough money to buy a good wig or the \ntime to find someone else."
p18
aS'i feel sorry for sonya '
p19
aS'k no puedo ver la pelicula '
p20
aS'@NFOjustme well yea but to me it makes more sense that sonya has darker \nhair since Kraven told Selene in the first movie that Victor couldnt \nslaughter her becauuse she reminded him too much of his own daughter *hint \nhint the warrier attitude and the dark hair. but anyways <33 love \nunderwolrd !!! ^.^'
p21
aS"Sad thing is..if you've already seen the first 2 Underworld movies..you \nalready know how this one ends."
p22
aS'Sonja or Seline?? '
p23
aS'This movie was taking place in the middle ages, It was way before women had \nblonde hair today.'
p24
aS'i love were wolfs but they should have made them look like the van helsing \none then this movie would be truly bad ass'
p25
aS'in the first movie sonya was blonde..'
p26
aS'yeah but Sonya was still blonde in the first movie'
p27
aS'Whos sonya?'
p28
aS'thats cause they portrayed much accuracy in the actual history of these 2 \nspecies . kudos'
p29
aS'Marilyn manson-If I was your vampire<3 YEAH!!!'
p30
aS'A very enjoyable back story where one is usually not desired by the \naudience.'
p31
aS"Your reply doesn't make any sense. Please clarify yourself."
p32
aS'Wrong! Are you kidding me? Read some history! Search on "Blond" on the \nWikipedia. Read Tacitus "Germania" People have been naturally light blond \nfor 11000 years in Europe. Just look at the paintings from the middle ages \nand before in Europe.'
p33
aS'michael sheen is superb in this movie.'
p34
aS'Finally someone who knows it ^.^ '
p35
aS'Oh yeah! Lol'
p36
aS"Idk why my comment has too many negative votes. No women has blonde hair \nback then people!!! Ya'll are seeing them with blonde hair because of \nHollywood! "
p37
aS'lets go werewolves lets go'
p38
aS"It's the prequel to everything and what started the war...Tokyo drift my \nass. "
p39
aS'people know not to dislike '
p40
aS'is this a prequel'
p41
aS'So does it stay the same or is it different?'
p42
aS'thats not true theres a twist tho the history stays the same its different '
p43
aS'are u stupid, the norse and the germanians were and are naturally blonde'
p44
aS'Lucian is the best!'
p45
aS'I enjoy this movie. This is how the vampires and lycans truly are, bloody \ntwilight and that crap about "sparkling" infuriated me. '
p46
aS'Van Helsing is the best myth movie but and that film is very good'
p47
aS"That was only because the actress playing her did not want to dye her hair \nunless she was paid more, and since Underworld wasn't a successful \nfranchise back then, they just left her a blonde."
p48
aS"I think that there could be a series of prequels answering to all that, \nstarting with Selene's siring by Victor."
p49
aS'watch the movie :)'
p50
aS'SPARTACUS!!!!!!!'
p51
aS'Lycans Are The Rulers Of The Shadows...'
p52
aS"Platinum blonde yes, but golden blonde of course existed. This is all \nirrelevant though, this part didn't make sense."
p53
aS'@ucheucheuche '
p54
aS"Doesn't matter, had sex."
p55
aS'threesome with sonja and seline GIGGITY!'
p56
aS'Very awesome!'
p57
aS'Best Underworld movie Ever. Of all time.'
p58
aS"Shhh...you'll break the movie."
p59
aS'verry confusing is it?'
p60
aS'But it made more sense for her too have black hair cause then her and \nselene would really look alike as they said.'
p61
aS'best underworld i like. cause it explans everything and puts the pieces \ntogether for me. and i LOVEEEEE Lucian'
p62
aS"friend: hey wanna watch a vampire movie with me? me: sure witch one? \nfriend: Twilight me: thats not a vampire movie *points at Underworld \ncolection* THESE are vampire movies, those are sissy movies -.-''"
p63
aS'This is actually the most accurate prequel I have seen.'
p64
aS'great fucking movie sonya is so fuckin hot in this haha'
p65
aS"I don't read history on a damn hairstyle lol"
p66
aS'Marilyn Manson - If I Was Your Vampire'
p67
aS"Selne's father did exist at the time, as it says in the second one her \nfather was killed after Lucian's escape (this one), so the cage was built \nalready before the time this film took place"
p68
aS"Bill Nighy ftw. I just love his voice work in every movie he's in. In this \none he definately makes up for the lack of Selene."
p69
aS'u can get the collection at n e electronic store that sells movies like \nbest buy. bestbuy.com'
p70
aS"You didn't just ask that......seriously......"
p71
aS'In the first movie when she died Lucian was screaming \n"SSoooooonjjaaaaa!!!". In this "NAAAAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"'
p72
aS"i dont get it anymore. Where is Selene? Her father made the cage for \nWilliam, but when William was catched was before this and the key has Sonja \nbut how can there be a key if the cage is not yet maded by the father of \nSelene . He doesn't exist already? And why would they wait centuries to get \nWilliam in prison?"
p73
a.