(lp0
S'I saw the film and really enjoyed it. I recently read "The spy who came in \nfrom the cold" and am currently reading "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy". I\'ll \nprobably watch the movie again afterwards to see if I can follow it a bit \nbetter; though I\'ve heard the Alec Guiness TV show is much, much better.'
p1
aS'Anyone know the music playing during the trailer?'
p2
aS'The character played by Colin Firth is the mole.  Enjoy the movie.'
p3
aS'Gary Oldman would make a really good spy. He can easily dissappear into \ncharacters.'
p4
aS"To the people who found this film boring, I dare you to watch this film \nonce more, just once (without james bond in your head). I've been force fed \nGangnam Style, where was my choice?"
p5
aS"I saw the movie three times and with every run it gets a bit more intense. \nYou simply don't get the whole picture at once. "
p6
aS'so so so underrated but bring your game head'
p7
aS'It is a good movie, no doubt... but I still think the trailer promises more \nthan the film actually manages to deliver... especially when it comes to \natmosphere of suspense and tension.'
p8
aS'This movie was fantastic. My friends and family were all surprised I was \nwatching it but I was just like, Who could resist a Benedict Cumberbatch \nmovie? I was NOT disappointed. Great film. '
p9
aS'Oh well'
p10
aS'Tip when watching this. Bring someone who saw the original series.. They \nwill tell you the whole picture of thefilm.'
p11
aS'astonishingly good, and it rewards you even more the second time around'
p12
aS'Another good movie whose memory is besmirched by a brutal sequel.'
p13
aS'Bad mean girls'
p14
aS'HOw Swiftly Taylored are these tinker soldiers in the movie?'
p15
aS' #AyerViEsta  Espionaje, guerra fra, intriga. Una gran actuacin de Gary \nOldman, como siempre. Puede llegar a ser un poco lenta, pero muy mirable.'
p16
aS'#fact (42)'
p17
aS'mistrzostwo :)'
p18
aS'i was a little confused by the imdb ratings. feeling hopeful after watching \nthe trailers. so many good performers. gonna watch it :)'
p19
aS"Little disappointed with how this movie was, despite the trailer.  This \ntrailer gave me the impression it'd be similar to the Patriot Games or \nClear and Present Danger, especially given its genre.  Fantastic acting and \ncinematography, of course, but I found the movie as a whole very dull, when \nit could have been pretty exciting and suspenseful with certain changes."
p20
aS"One of the best movies I've ever seen in my life"
p21
aS'It took me a few watches to understand what was going on, but I liked it! \nVery beautifully shot and with great performances.'
p22
aS'One of the best spy movies ever '
p23
aS'Wow, I need to watch this immediately. '
p24
aS'epic song'
p25
aS'We both spend our lives looking for the weakness of others.'
p26
aS'Espionage is always associated with car chases, beautiful women, glitz, \nglamor, etc.  (See James Bond.)  This is a much more realistic portrayal.  \nSeedy back offices, rampant paranoia, depressing and barren personal \nlives... much more accurate to the true nature of spies.\n\nAnd of course; Hurt, Oldman, and Firth are pure class.  (With great support \nfrom Tom Hardy and Benedict Cumberbatch.)'
p27
aS'This movie was SOOOOOOOOOOO BORING! oh my god i couldnt pay attention \nbecause it was just so fkn boring'
p28
aS'That is an UNBEATABLE English cast.'
p29
aS"I absolutely loved the movie on the second watch, even though I barely made \nit through the first when it came out. Great cinematography, smart plot \nthat doesn't hold your hand throughout the movie, amazing cast."
p30
aS'Tom Hardy? Yes please.'
p31
aS'What is the music in this trailer?\\'
p32
aS'Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy'
p33
aS"Great trailer. Shame the film wasn't as good."
p34
aS'OLIVANDER'
p35
aS'Great movie. '
p36
aS"The accents are so distracting, cos they're so sexy"
p37
aS'Until the end you do not know who si double spy...and that is very, very \nrare for me, not to know who is who in the first 10 min of the movies. \nGreat movie..'
p38
aS'A little confusing at first but I loved it. It was so haunting. This movie \nis basically estrogen brigade bait. :)'
p39
aS"Can't help but relate this to House of Cards"
p40
aS'how do i see this one first time now!! looks amazing'
p41
aS"Didn't even get through half the film because it was sooooo booring"
p42
aS'OLIVANDER AND SIRIUS BLACK. '
p43
aS'This is just a collection of some of the best actors walking this earth, \nand Colin Firthand that rimes, how lovely...'
p44
aS'This music on the trailer freaked me out'
p45
aS'I liked it. But it was rather shitty thing when one said about a russian \nagent: "He was typical Russian - agent in the day,drunk in the night". Some \nEuropeans and Americans are so stupid on this question. Mostly of them know \nsomething about us only from some stupid american movies.'
p46
aS"Anyone else thought that the relationship between Haydon and Prideaux was \nmore than just 'friends'? "
p47
aS'what a cast.'
p48
aS'THAT FUCKING MUSIC'
p49
aS'Gary Coleman is so short!!! I cant believe he died'
p50
aS"omg I don't really get how people can like this movie.. Personally I think \nit's unwatchable.. SUCH A BORING FILM MYGAAAD!!!! It wasnt possible to \nwatch to the end -.-"
p51
aS'If you understand movies...yes. If you want some crapy spy action \nmovie...no.'
p52
aS'JA JA JA ... como no??'
p53
aS'its more realistic not the typical mission imposible jamesbond stuff,,, \nthis is as close as it could get to spy war'
p54
aS"This film (Like the book) is meant to be a completely accurate depiction of \nwhat it was like to have been a spy during the Cold War. You're meant to \nlisten to every little bit of dialogue and piece everything together in \nyour mind. It simply seeks to build tension, and certainly isn't for \nignorant people that just want to see explosions, gun fire and over the top \ndrama and acting. Quite frankly, it's a masterpiece of subtlety, that \ndoesn't appeal because most people have short attention spans. "
p55
aS"Best trailer I've ever seen.."
p56
aS"Why didn't they put academy award nominee above John Hurt's name?"
p57
aS'figure - werewolf '
p58
aS'True spy movie . No glitz ,glam or b.s. .'
p59
aS'Lol'
p60
aS'More like a misleading trailer. lol, Tinker Tailor is an awesome movie, \nmini series, and novel, but this trailer tried to make it look like a \nsuspense thriller while it was more of an atmospheric mystery drama '
p61
aS'because they recognize a bad ass score when they hear one'
p62
aS'laughed so hard when benedict cumberbatches name almost took the whole \nlenght of the screen'
p63
aS"Well yeah, but a trailer should make you wanna watch a movie. Most of the \ntrailers nowadays give out the story line straight away and you are like \n'meh, i already know the story' and don't watch it. "
p64
aS'love the music'
p65
aS"Love this movie. Not sure why so many people seem to think it's boring. "
p66
aS'thanks man for clearing that up for me and not being a fucktard like others \nwho have an account'
p67
aS'yea i know, what the hell?'
p68
aS"Please stop, it isen't fucking funny."
p69
aS'The only reason I watched this trailer is because of Benedict Cumberbatch'
p70
aS'benedict.. with sideburns...............'
p71
aS'I was going to watch this movie anyways but when I saw Benedict I just \nwanted to watch it 12294% more.'
p72
aS'for all those saying this movie was boring let me just tell you this is a \nreal spy movie not the fancy cars and hi tech gadfets and shit...this is \nhow real espionage goes down not like that james bond shit ! '
p73
aS'benedict.. with sideburns...............'
p74
aS'I was going to watch this movie anyways but when I saw Benedict I just \nwanted to watch it 12294% more.'
p75
aS'for all those saying this movie was boring let me just tell you this is a \nreal spy movie not the fancy cars and hi tech gadfets and shit...this is \nhow real espionage goes down not like that james bond shit ! '
p76
aS"But a trailer don't have to be a spoiler. It's a awsome trailer, it's like \na short movie you can watch over and over. "
p77
aS"hey genius stick with Dude Where's My Car and Legally Blonde I'm sure \nyou'll find those super exciting and deep"
p78
aS"excellent movie, i really enjoyed it. not that same repetitive bum bum bang \nbang. however, its entirely fiction. john le carr stated that himself many \ntimes. i remember reading an interview with him from the 90's somewhere and \nhe said that if it contained any truth, his superiors would have never let \nhim publish his work. doesnt make his work any less entertaining though"
p79
aS"you think they could've come up with a better name"
p80
aS"watched this trailer to see what tom hardy was up to in this movie but he \ndoesn't seem to have much of a big role? "
p81
aS"I think it's a brilliant trailer. It made the film seem more exciting than \nit actually was. I should've just watched the trailer over and over again."
p82
aS'terrible movie. i thought this movie would be like a reboot of austin \npowers. instead i got a bunch of old british men like the people at my \nlocal pub. '
p83
aS'anyone knows the song in this trailer?'
p84
aS"Wait a second... Isn't this soundtrack from the Wolfman?"
p85
aS'This movie was awesome ........The third time around!! One of those movies \nthat get better the more u watch it!! It takes a (rewatch) to really get to \nknow the story and to enjoy this movie to the full extent.'
p86
aS'Agreed. Very good. I watched it bcoz of BC then I actually fall in love \nwith the whole movie.'
p87
aS"Wolf Suite from the Wolfman trailer by Danny Elfman. You're welcome."
p88
aS'I think the absence of Tinker Taylor Soldier Spy is pretty big, maybe the \nclosest to a perfect film I have EVER seen. I am not a film snob who thinks \nonly foreign films are good. Thats kind of stupid. The fact remains there \nare some really great films being done from around the world. Other than \nthat, I like that you are taking the time to post something like this that \nmay be a good point of reference for people who dont have time to go see \nevery movie that comes along. Respect '
p89
aS'theres a dislike button....its been there for years.'
p90
aS"True, but there can a subtlety so subtle that it's basically saying nothing \nat all. (not applying this to TTSS). "
p91
aS'one of my favourite ever films. such a great cast :) and storyline'
p92
aS'Is the book hard to understand?'
p93
aS"I was throwing out random examples I never said that wasn't a good movie. \nDon't be *an idiot."
p94
aS'The problem with with movie is that the plot is too confusing,but the \nacting and cinematography are great,not a bad movie,but disappointing.'
p95
aS'this is like alien music'
p96
aS"Maybe that's why he's the new Mad Max"
p97
a.