(lp0
S"American Cop Films: Group of super serious police bring down an entire drug \ncartel and there's explosions and guns everywhere\nBritish Cop Films: Two men pissing about in an old town\nCan't beat the British sense of humour"
p1
aS'My favourite film! Love it! Proud to be British! :) '
p2
aS"Why is this restricted in America? It's 15+ in the UK"
p3
aS'Any notice that when Angel raids the weapons at the end of the movie he \nkinda looks a little like deadpool?'
p4
aS"Y'know, I just had a thought. What if Nicolas Angle was one of the Blanks \nfrom The World's End? I mean, think about it, we never see him bleed and he \nis the ultimate authority on order and control."
p5
aS'bad movie i wasted 2 hours of my life on watching it -_-'
p6
aS'Hot Fuzz sounds like a porno'
p7
aS'My favorite movie'
p8
aS'I feel like bloody crying. Finally, someone makes a movie brit cops get a \nshow for the first time, after been watching Hollywood cops taking the \nspotlight for years. '
p9
aS"The american narrator is making it look like some flippin american cop \nstyle film, when it's the complete opposite lol"
p10
aS'What a shit trailer for an amazing film. '
p11
aS'BEST. MOVIE. EVER!'
p12
aS'my favourite out of the trilogy'
p13
aS'Haha this was filmed where I live!!'
p14
aS'everyone u have got to watch this if u already havent'
p15
aS'From the guys who watched every action movie ever made and created shaun of \nthe dead. LMAO'
p16
aS"we can't accept gifts from someone we've officially rebuked, so jog on!"
p17
aS'The female detective is so funny :D'
p18
aS'Such an awesome film with a great cast:)'
p19
aS'This uses Black Forest cake much better than portal'
p20
aS'it was flimed down the road from me'
p21
aS'going to where this place is film is amazing! you guys need to go if anyone \nis a fan of simon pegg and nick frost.'
p22
aS"Whenever people ask to name misleading trailers, this is the one that \nalways comes to mind most.  Most of it focuses on Danny's wackiness and \nmakes it look like it focuses mainly on the cops' antics, and it almost \ncompletely hides the disturbing conspiracy angle that drives the story."
p23
aS'whats the name of the song that starts at 0:52 ?'
p24
aS'The captions were certainly interesting.'
p25
aS'the film is great but this trailer is rubbish is it an American trailer\n '
p26
aS"If you have extra time this weekend, this is a great entertaining movie. I \nlike Old English but this has a bit of everything including of how people \ntry to demote you when you are way better than them. This reminded of a \nnote one of my former editors once said: you work so hard making the rest \nof look like we are on vacation. Sarcasm and humor is also included in \nthis movie which I hope you enjoy but please note, I have no affiliation \nwith this movie and if you don't like it, don't shoot the messenger ;-) "
p27
aS'This is one of my fav movies'
p28
aS'Shaun of the Dead is a great film and this is too\nRecommend this to all of you who have not seen it yet'
p29
aS"I don't like this trailer because it makes you rely and depend on the voice \nover guy, when in the Shaun Of The Dead trailer it relied purely on the \nclips to get tyou to watch it and it was genius because it worked!"
p30
aS'when is this relesed'
p31
aS'Narp?'
p32
aS'this somehow reminds me of Harvest'
p33
aS'I have honestly watched this movie over 20 times. Every single time, I \nlaugh at the same line. "Your a doctor, deal with it. " "Yeah Mother \nFucker."'
p34
aS'badass!'
p35
aS'The part when jump the fence is so funny, in shaun of the dead he failed \nlol.'
p36
aS'Haha I remember this movie! Awesome as hell! The detectives are cool xD'
p37
aS'Ha ha ! My favorite part is when he stuck the fork into his eye but really \nstabbed a ketchup packet....I think. You know what I mean'
p38
aS'Hag.'
p39
aS'seriously one of the most underrated films of all time.'
p40
aS'The worlds end trailer brought me here'
p41
aS'best action movie EVER'
p42
aS'One of my favorite movies by Simon Pegg and Nick Frost!!!'
p43
aS'i had such a crush on simon after i watched this... '
p44
aS"don't watch this trailer because it has many spoilers"
p45
aS'The more I watch this movie the better it gets'
p46
aS'Hodor!'
p47
aS'nothing '
p48
aS'absolutly NOT'
p49
aS'Brilliant film, i recommend it to anyone'
p50
aS'lol'
p51
aS'By the power of gray skull'
p52
aS'I love this movie:) '
p53
aS'Shaun of the dead is still amazing though :)'
p54
aS'Me too. They are some of the only actors if not only ones I support and buy \nthere stuff.'
p55
aS"British people really have a nice way to say the word ''cunt''. Haha."
p56
aS'i love hot fuzz its great i have watched it '
p57
aS'proud to be European'
p58
aS'i watched point break after seeing this movie haha'
p59
aS'Why is it always the pub with these two?'
p60
aS'I agree with you. Sorry I messed the name up. I love this film!!!'
p61
aS'love this film'
p62
aS'This is a really good trailer'
p63
aS"This one had subtle references to Shaun of the Dead, and I know The World's \nEnd will have subtle references to both."
p64
aS'I laughed till ache XD amazing film XD'
p65
aS'I love this movie.'
p66
aS'Still the best movie in 2013. '
p67
aS"I'm so glad I watched the movie prior to seeing this trailer. "
p68
aS"Gavin Free's slow motion stuff looked so cool. :)"
p69
aS'I personally think this is much better than Shaun of the Dead.'
p70
aS'its a really really good movie!'
p71
aS"Nicholas Angel: What's wrong? Never taken a shortcut before? (Jumps \nexpertly over fences)"
p72
aS'I personally think this is much better than Shaun of the Dead.'
p73
aS'its a really really good movie!'
p74
aS"Nicholas Angel: What's wrong? Never taken a shortcut before? (Jumps \nexpertly over fences)"
p75
aS'funny 1:08'
p76
aS'what you mean Shaun of the dead and hot fuzz'
p77
aS'Absolutely great movie. This and Shaun of the dead. '
p78
aS'ohhh wow i totally remember this specially the swan part..'
p79
aS'whats the second song in the trailer, right around the time he says "Is it \ntrue that there\'s a place in head that if you shoot it it will blow up?"'
p80
aS'if i want to be happy about it, its non of your business to pick on me'
p81
aS"Thanks! I'm glad I looked at the comments before I watched this trailer."
p82
aS'If i wouldve seen this before the movie i wouldve been pissed'
p83
aS'Just watched this movie. It was amazing.'
p84
aS'Shaun of the deads better'
p85
aS"I don't know which one I prefer more Shaun of the fuzz or Hot dead?"
p86
aS'song name?'
p87
aS"-you've got a mustache -i know hahahaha!!!"
p88
aS'this is AWESOOOOME!!!'
p89
aS"Doesn't sound right with the american commentating on everything..."
p90
aS'Thank fuck Gavin represents us reasonably well. Imagine how bad us English \nwould look if he kept making up words and talking like an absolute prat. XD'
p91
aS'Theres too many endings xD'
p92
aS'Same! )'
p93
aS"They're both awesome. I personally prefer Shaun 'cause I'm a big zombie \nguy, but really, both are great, can't wait for the last one."
p94
aS'This trailer is garbage. This movie is FUCKING AWESOME!'
p95
aS':D well...same thing here mate !'
p96
a.