(lp0
S'How can the cars explode? In NASCAR they just crash, also that track is \nsmall, tracks need to be like daytona'
p1
aS'I wish at least let nick live and put him in 5'
p2
aS'I wish at least let nick live and put him in 5'
p3
aS'This movie sucks '
p4
aS'This movie is absolutely terrible, the worst movie in the series. Do not \nwaste your time or money on this shit hole movie.\n'
p5
aS'Final Destination 1 = Amazing original!\nFinal Destination 2 and 3 = Great sequels!\nFinal Destination 5 = Best in my opinion!\n\nThis one.....no. Nice trailer, but eh. Go watch the others!'
p6
aS"To me this doesn't look finished."
p7
aS'did i just saw the movie in just 2:12 min'
p8
aS'Love, love, love!'
p9
aS"I'll never watch number 5 ever again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
p10
aS'this is the worst of the bunch,the trailer of the movie is way better!'
p11
aS'the movie horror'
p12
aS'Did anyone survive?'
p13
aS'yeah...i like final destination...from FD1-5'
p14
aS'normal ca numai un roman putea sa lase un astfel de comentariu'
p15
aS"I've only seen this one. Are any of the others good to watch too?"
p16
aS'@theshopaholic1997 The 4th one is by far the worst movie of the whole \nseries. The others are waaaaay better. Watch Final Destination 5 next, \nbecause its a Prequel to all the other movies. And then watch 1,2 and 3 :)'
p17
aS'I want to see this but i have anxiety so idk if its to scary'
p18
aS'I like 3 best'
p19
aS'its also stupid and boring'
p20
aS'I PERSONALLY THINK THIS WAS THE BESSSSTTTT ONE'
p21
aS'best Final destination ever!!'
p22
aS'This one was the worst :| the deaths were lame and the main characters were \nso annoying'
p23
aS'This one was the worst :| the deaths were lame and the main characters were \nso annoying'
p24
aS'can a race track really cause that much calateral damage and kill literally \neveryone in sight, thats rediculous but kinda hilarious!'
p25
aS'all the movies from 1 to 5 are relly good, thumbs up,'
p26
aS'This was one of the worst movies ive ever seen'
p27
aS"i haven't watch number 4 yet and seeing this, man it sucks"
p28
aS'@thomasismine100 seriously '
p29
aS'this part so nasty ! only, the bset thing in this movie ( Shantel \nVanSanten) ... part 5 is better ! '
p30
aS'Saw this movie today...lol so gross at some parts but it looks extremely \nfake with the blood and everything.'
p31
aS'the car wash scene was so disappointing. was expecting her head to be \npulverized but noooo '
p32
aS'how to survive in final destination... stay away from technology. \nmountains, trees, rivers, deserts,and dont go on ground that might fall \naway.'
p33
aS'Shut up big mouth-.-'
p34
aS'This movie sucks final destination 3 is better n my fav'
p35
aS"Like if you've already seen Final Destination 5 :D"
p36
aS'Deffinatley gonna change the way i ride in the car wash.....'
p37
aS'Great........ '
p38
aS'sugeti pula copii retardati cu tot cu filmu vostru=)))'
p39
aS'5TH ONE WAS THE BEST. Thank goodness they made that one...this 4th one \nwasnt up to par =/ sad thing is, it had the best trailers out of the entire \nseries. LOL'
p40
aS'the beginning was cool but rest of movie sucked and paul pendulbery sucks \ntoo.'
p41
aS'I love the final destination especially "final destination 4" & Bobby Campo \nis so cute :)'
p42
aS"the plot is ridiculous , the acting is mediocre at best and unless you're \nwatching it in 3D the speccial effects look like crap . "
p43
aS"Couldn't the girl open the windows or the fucking doors in the car wash?"
p44
aS"This film and it's franchise is meant for the juvenile. "
p45
aS'all of them sucked'
p46
aS'@DI3G0x96 what theres a final destination 5?!? '
p47
aS"the plot is ridiculous , the acting is mediocre at best and unless you're \nwatching it in 3D the speccial effects look like crap . "
p48
aS"Couldn't the girl open the windows or the fucking doors in the car wash?"
p49
aS"This film and it's franchise is meant for the juvenile. "
p50
aS'all of them sucked'
p51
aS'@DI3G0x96 what theres a final destination 5?!? '
p52
aS'im here because i just watch 5 and i forgot what 4 was about :P'
p53
aS'This is my favorite one out of 3,4,and 5. SPOILER: people die.'
p54
aS'i love final destination, all of them!'
p55
aS'I only like 1 3 & 5 the other two just ... Ehh . Btw why is this called THE \nfinal destination'
p56
aS'iFREAKING LOVE this movie, im so OBSESSED with the FD movies!!!'
p57
aS'Hardcore final destination fan over here Movies 1,2,3,5 were good . This \none sucked so hard .'
p58
aS'Final Destination 4 is the supernatural horror, thriller movie not a drama \nmovie.'
p59
aS'@mss442009 not the explosion '
p60
aS"i thjink i'll just go and watch 1000 ways to die "
p61
aS'Me and my friend laughed sooo hard at that part. We\'re sitting there \nyelling "IT\'S JUST A QUARTER!! YOU IDIOT!!!"'
p62
aS"this was the worst FD movie in the series, it's badly acted, and it has \ncheesy deaths and it sucks, enough said"
p63
aS'hire ur kids for 5$ the worst they can do is just move the dirt around'
p64
aS'@theshopaholic1997 final destination 5 best movie ever out of all the four'
p65
aS"Here's one thing I didn't get... why did no one give a shit that Hunt died? "
p66
aS"I seriously can't fathom how any Final Destination fan could say that this \none was the best one, or any good at all, I personally not only think it's \nthe worst one in the franchise, but one of the worst movies I've ever seen, \nnot even bad enough to make fun of it. Seriously, don't waste your time, \ni'm not exaggerating one bit."
p67
aS'the way the guy dies in the pool is just lame ....'
p68
aS"I didn't watch it all, I got bored so I went to bed. Who's George? The only \ndeaths I saw were of the guy who got dragged down the street on fire, the \nwoman who got a stone in her eye and the man who got threw at the fence..:L"
p69
aS'This movie was shit,the others were way better.'
p70
aS'I love all 5 of them! I think they are great :D!'
p71
aS"I seriously can't fathom how any Final Destination fan could say that this \none was the best one, or any good at all, I personally not only think it's \nthe worst one in the franchise, but one of the worst movies I've ever seen, \nnot even bad enough to make fun of it. Seriously, don't waste your time, \ni'm not exaggerating one bit."
p72
aS'the way the guy dies in the pool is just lame ....'
p73
aS"I didn't watch it all, I got bored so I went to bed. Who's George? The only \ndeaths I saw were of the guy who got dragged down the street on fire, the \nwoman who got a stone in her eye and the man who got threw at the fence..:L"
p74
aS'This movie was shit,the others were way better.'
p75
aS'I love all 5 of them! I think they are great :D!'
p76
aS'u are in the giyble '
p77
aS"The Final Destination 4 sucks, im glad I didn't go to the movies for it \nthough. Thank goodness for torrents!"
p78
aS'the only good thing in 3D in this movie was the sex scene. and thats \nreally, really sad that the 40-something year olds saved the best for teens \non top of eachother haha'
p79
aS'I am officially scared of everything now....'
p80
aS'the person how made this is wrong in the head'
p81
aS'you kidding me .it had the worst acting like ever'
p82
aS'i like the part when people died '
p83
aS'@titanascar First of all, the CGI during the main vision was really bad. \nYou can just tell the whole thing was made in just a few hours in Adobe \nAfter Effects. The deaths were a joke. For example "have you all lost your \nFUCKING MINDS?!" (Tire appears out of nowhere and slices her head off) And \nthe pool scene. seriously, having your guts sucked out of your ass? And the \nacting was pretty unconvincing. Don\'t even watch this. See the 5th one. '
p84
aS'If the movie producers knew they were going to make a Final Desitnation 5, \nit would\'ve been cool if they put the movie poster for it in place of the \n"The Z Zone" poster at 1:21'
p85
aS'Does this show too? '
p86
aS'this is a comment taht proves at least one survived the third final \ndestination anyone realize unless the girl does something different "which \nshe wont because she realizes she survived the first trainwreck" she will \ntell her friends to go where she is and then when the train stops moving \nthey will most likely all move out of the way of the second train so in \nthat case they will be safe or an unkowing 3rd train kills them all'
p87
aS'Why did this movie suck? It was not the best, but i thought it was pretty \ngood.'
p88
aS'why is it call THE final destination an simply call final destination \n4?!??!?!?'
p89
aS'Loris is at the end I watched that clip scared me like hell'
p90
aS'i love the movie 3 :-)'
p91
aS'@AnarchistPenguin Only one death is spoiled in the trailer. (TV spots did \nmost of the spoiling, but I saw them after I saw this movie).'
p92
aS'"3-D" looks like a penis xD'
p93
aS'you know... i never saw final destination 4 and forgot about it, and then \nthats when final destination 5 came out...i was so confused'
p94
aS'This movie was shit'
p95
a.