(lp0
S'the WORST movie iv ever seen !!\nstupid  >> stupid >> stupid'
p1
aS'if u analyze evry shot in d trailer, it reveals a lot of spoilers.'
p2
aS'Nicole Kidman is one the most greatest female actresses. Great movie !'
p3
aS"Kidman was good in it. That's the only good thing I've got to say about it."
p4
aS'\nvery very good movie!'
p5
aS'Ive watched the movie 7 times and omfg I wish I had an uncle that fit, I \nmean not to like (incest) or anythink just to practically stare at'
p6
aS'MAST MOVIE. Great'
p7
aS'Ok Ill watch just because its Park Chan Wook'
p8
aS'This was a great movie :)!!!!! I loved it '
p9
aS'incredible movie, I really enjoyed watching it.'
p10
aS'everytime I see that little monologue of Nicole Kidman at the beginning of \nthe trailer, I remember why I love her so much, and why one the best \nactresses alive.'
p11
aS'did I just see Eric Roberts in this trailer... ?'
p12
aS'me want 2 c it '
p13
aS'What?! I thought it was so good!'
p14
aS'india reminds me of peter parker !!!'
p15
aS' Great film! I love Nicole'
p16
aS'tom cruise as well '
p17
aS'i think she is beautiful'
p18
aS'THIS IS THE TYPE OF MOVIE I ALWAYS WANTED TO SEE! IM GOING TO WATCH IT NOW! \nxD'
p19
aS'she have plastic surgery. nose'
p20
aS"Scofield wrote the screenplay? Fuckin' I'm there."
p21
aS'agree :)'
p22
aS'I saw the movie , only one word , disgusting .!!!!!!'
p23
aS'I agree with you...It was a waste of my time. thought it would be so much \nbetter'
p24
aS'what the fuck is this?'
p25
aS'what the fuck is this?'
p26
aS"Uh I'm thinking the original commenter must have been guessing/joking \nbecause that's kind of not really what happens..."
p27
aS'I cant wait to watch this, its already coming soon in here. Probably next \nweek I can watch.'
p28
aS'Just watched this tonight. It started out with strange poetry , then moved \nonto being a mystery and from that point it morphed into a bizarre dark \ntwilight zone movie. I have mixed opinion about this. I was really looking \nforward to this. It was sort of a fun horror movie ride. Not exactly what i \nthought it was going to be. The people in it kept it interesting.'
p29
aS'The ad before this video was the Stoker trailer. Weird. '
p30
aS'Thank you so much man, I knew I had listened to it before.'
p31
aS'looks like the kind of movie with a shocking plot twist '
p32
aS'he wrote the screenplay ;)'
p33
aS'Who names their kid India? :P No wonder tomorrow we will have people named \nUSA and Russia too. :D'
p34
aS'Stoker (2013) Genre: Drama / Mystery / Thriller watch iwantmovies.info'
p35
aS'matthew goode!!'
p36
aS'Amazing movie'
p37
aS'yify'
p38
aS"I couldn't agree more. :)"
p39
aS"why would the color of the actors skin in the film dictate if you watched \nit or not ?! i'm not going to watch it because it looks rubbish..simple ;p"
p40
aS'looks terrible '
p41
aS'I just watched it and it is fantastic.'
p42
aS"Mia Wasikowska always take this kind or role.. Weird but then with a lot to \nexpect.. Tempting as what others said.. I think I'm gonna watch this one.. "
p43
aS'Ok.. I wanna see it'
p44
aS'i love horror movies, and this is gonna be my fav ;). '
p45
aS'how substantive you are'
p46
aS'ur a kiLLer Or nOt. i stiLL LOve yOu matthEw gOoDe.'
p47
aS'i think she got strangled with the belt'
p48
aS'Hello , Just want to say what got me interested in this movie is the \nopening conversation between Nichol Kidman\'s character & the daughter. \n"Personally speaking i can\'t wait to watch life tear you apart". WOW that \nhooked me into watching the movie. When i saw that i thought how mean that \nmother is. Then when i saw the movie i was rooting for the mom.'
p49
aS"Mia Wasikowska always take this kind or role.. Weird but then with a lot to \nexpect.. Tempting as what others said.. I think I'm gonna watch this one.. "
p50
aS'Ok.. I wanna see it'
p51
aS'I\'ve seen all the Park Chan-Wook films, and one thing I\'ve noticed is that \nthe trailers are rather bad compared to the films. The pacing, character \nquirks, and cinematography that define Park\'s movies are not represented in \nthese trailers. This particular trailer makes it look like any other \ngeneric American thriller. I know Park is already commercially successful \ndirector, but I hope he isn\'t casting American actors to "sell out. '
p52
aS'its so far 92%..'
p53
aS'i love horror movies, and this is gonna be my fav ;). '
p54
aS'how substantive you are'
p55
aS'ur a kiLLer Or nOt. i stiLL LOve yOu matthEw gOoDe.'
p56
aS'i think she got strangled with the belt'
p57
aS'Hello , Just want to say what got me interested in this movie is the \nopening conversation between Nichol Kidman\'s character & the daughter. \n"Personally speaking i can\'t wait to watch life tear you apart". WOW that \nhooked me into watching the movie. When i saw that i thought how mean that \nmother is. Then when i saw the movie i was rooting for the mom.'
p58
aS'trailer music from a scanner darkly one of my faves'
p59
aS'has this came out in england or when is it coming out '
p60
aS'I share your opinion. I really liked it though I\'m normally absolutely not \nattracted to such movies. I saw someone\'s reaction on this trailer that was \nsomething like "Charlie and India both just love to kill" and that made me \nget the movie. I don\'t think it really had a storyline, but still it was \nvery nice.'
p61
aS'Writer. '
p62
aS"what's the nightmare? that your creepy uncle wants to have sex with you??"
p63
aS'So, Nicol Kiddman is still acting?'
p64
aS'Is it bad that I was rooting for Charlie more so than the mom? I mean, I \nwould have done the opposite of what India did near the end (the scene with \nCharlie and the mom).'
p65
aS"can't wait for this one!"
p66
aS'Wentworth miller is a genius, this movie has to be good.'
p67
aS'he wrote the movie.'
p68
aS'this was a very good movie, i absolutely loved it and give it a 5 star \nrating! '
p69
aS'yifi now '
p70
aS'Just watched it what a creep weirdo movie i wufnt recommend it to anyone \nits made for twisted mines'
p71
aS'Yes its good! (: '
p72
aS'um is this a vampire movie?'
p73
aS"can't wait for this one!"
p74
aS'Wentworth miller is a genius, this movie has to be good.'
p75
aS'he wrote the movie.'
p76
aS'nicole kidman had one too many cosmetic procedures'
p77
aS'this was a very good movie, i absolutely loved it and give it a 5 star \nrating! '
p78
aS'on 0:24 she looks like charlize theron...'
p79
aS'yifi now '
p80
aS'Just watched it what a creep weirdo movie i wufnt recommend it to anyone \nits made for twisted mines'
p81
aS'Yes its good! (: '
p82
aS'um is this a vampire movie?'
p83
aS'Stoker (2013) Genre: Drama / Mystery / Thriller watchthismovie.me'
p84
aS'Any site'
p85
aS'the woman with the red hair looks like Simone Simons... only fatter.'
p86
aS'great movie'
p87
aS'Have to see this, looks good:-)'
p88
aS'you too gay boy toy...'
p89
aS"Hahahaahahaa sorry I wouldn't know either lol"
p90
aS'I was about to turn it off until it name dropped "Oldboy", haha like \namericans know anything about that movie. I still dont think I care though. \nMy guess for rotten tomato rating: 15-35%'
p91
aS'From director of oldboy :)'
p92
aS'@andrea vazquez ...ah yes! That is correct (after much confusion) for some \nreason I forgot about AIW with mia and johnny depp, lol, I could only \nremember pans labyrinth!!!??! Anyway thanks all the way from the UK, you \nhave a great singing voice btw ;p x'
p93
aS"If anyone would like to explain this movie to me without spoiling it for \nothers, please do. I'd like to know why there are number of people who like \nit. I mean, I felt the mystery about each main character, but that's pretty \nmuch all it had going for it according to me."
p94
aS'YESSS THIS IS JUST YESSS'
p95
aS"if you don't like it don't watch it simple"
p96
aS'Looks interesting'
p97
a.