(lp0
S'RIP mama Cersei'
p1
aS'This movie is EXACTLY like the raid redemption'
p2
aS'I think Stallone should come back as a Judge.  Stallone should become Judge \nDeath along with other corrupt Judges to form The Dark Judges.'
p3
aS'Want more DREDD Movies?\n1. BUY the Movie!\n2. LIKE the page "Make a DREDD Sequel" on facebook\n3. Sign the petition over there!'
p4
aS'Please change the head gear,,,,'
p5
aS'Perfection!'
p6
aS"Let's all be honest... if that drug came out. You know you'd use it."
p7
aS'Cool trailer and great movie! '
p8
aS"This was a good movie, I just saw it on netflix. I would've seen it in \ntheaters if it wasn't rated R, I was only 15 at the time :/"
p9
aS'Your sentence is death.'
p10
aS'Brilliant movie, criminally underated . Really needs a sequel '
p11
aS"One instance where an awesome still doesn't do the movie justice!!! "
p12
aS'guy looks like a wimp,\nhelmet is way to big, and looks silly.\nwtf is wrong with them?'
p13
aS'Really good movie. '
p14
aS'Who sings this song and what is the song called'
p15
aS'Underrated as fuck...'
p16
aS'Urban would have been a AWESOME Batman !'
p17
aS'What is the song in the beginning?'
p18
aS'Anyone know where i can get a poster?'
p19
aS'Way better than the actual movie. '
p20
aS'name of song at start plz thnx'
p21
aS"I've never seen such blatant plagiarism in my life. They should have saved \nthe money & done a voice over."
p22
aS'Watch trailer and learn How NOT to make a trailer.\n\nLoved the movie, hate this damn trailer..'
p23
aS'I was never really into Stallone as Judge Dredd... but, this film was \ngood... I liked it it. I thought Karl Urban was excellent as Dredd... The \naction scenes were well done, and Urban\'s Dredd was truly a man of little \nto no emotional content, just out to dispense justice... "I am the law..." \nclassic! In a way, Urban, with the helmet on, and his voice, he reminds me \nof Stallone... I really would like to see a sequel with Uban as Dredd...  '
p24
aS'ORLOK!'
p25
aS'Cersei Lannister?'
p26
aS'So many idiots commenting. 5 years in an isocube!'
p27
aS'They should make a sequel.'
p28
aS'That is the girl from Juno! \nI knew I recognized her.'
p29
aS'I would love to see another instalment of this film Karl Urban did a very \ngood job.'
p30
aS"I enjoyed this version of Dredd, it still hasn't captured the absurd \nsatirical dark humour of the comics, but it worked as a film. I really hope \nthey get round to a trilogy."
p31
aS'great movie reminds me of the comic 2000ad I read as an 11 year old ..\nthis is how its done Stallone..'
p32
aS"What made Dredd badass,is because he didn't show any \nemotions(happy,sad,mercy) he just did the job he had to do. And the \nRookie....well she is hot and good shooter !!! Movie was VERY GOOD"
p33
aS'Ok, cool movie ! but only one question that will ruin the movie. I \nunderstand the anti-atomic building but why do you have only one elevator \nin a 200 story building with 75 000 people living in it ?!'
p34
aS'Considering the facts that I found the original laughable and that I \nwatched this movie right after seeing "The Raid: Redemption", to say that I \nwasn\'t expecting much is an understatement. So imagine my surprise when the \ncredits rolled and all I could think of was "holy shit, that was amazing!". \nMost underrated movie of 2012.'
p35
aS'Reliance had a hand in this? So when are we going to get that Dredd/Singham \ncrossover?'
p36
aS'wow, great movie, shitty trailer'
p37
aS'The movie is badass! Great shooting scenes, a bunch of one-liners, no \ncheesy interludes. No depth to the characters, Dredd is Dredd, the psychic \ngirl Anderson judge-in-training does what one would expect her to do. A lot \nof fun!'
p38
aS'best film ever still watching it  2years after release   i want more DREDD'
p39
aS'Dredd 2 plssss'
p40
aS'What is the song in the trailer with that chick singing?'
p41
aS'Both Dredd films were good, this one was different...'
p42
aS'Utorrent open the piratebay up :)'
p43
aS"Let's see how this one is."
p44
aS'this movie f***ing awesome'
p45
aS'this film was ok nothing special,i thought stallones judge dredd was \nbetter.'
p46
aS'I like at the end of the movie where he says CONFIRMED NOTICED and throughs \nmamma out of the building'
p47
aS'This trailer was awful. Great movie, though. I really do think that this \nterrible trailer is what killed this movie. The trailer made it look like \nthe corniest movie of all time...'
p48
aS'This movie was great and badass cause of dredd himself.... They put wayy \ntoo much attention into the whole slowmo drug thing as if the movie was \nabout that. The whole drug thing was stupid, this movie was amazing because \nof many factors but the main one was Judge Dredd. '
p49
aS'Guys,go to change.org to sign a petition for a sequel!'
p50
aS'Raid redemption is much better you could find the eng subs in yt'
p51
aS"Seeing people talk about how the raid copied dredd or whatever, and after \nwatching both the trailers to me the raid is like a more modern day dredd \nand dredd is a more sci fi like the raid me personally I'm not into much \nsci fi stuff so I'd choose the raid over dredd but I can't officially say \nbecause I haven't seen either one of them lol"
p52
aS'The Raid Redemption???'
p53
aS"It's always good when u go in not expecting a lot and u get DREDD! Dope \nflick I was pleasantly surprised."
p54
aS'Bloodseeker is that you?'
p55
aS'This movie sucked balls!\n\nThe first one was good tough.'
p56
aS'Amazing movie.\n'
p57
aS"If you like Dredd then you'll LOVE The Raid Redemption."
p58
aS'Raid Redemption meets the future and gets shittier! Presenting Dredd 2012!'
p59
aS'Skream.............'
p60
aS'Yeaa this trailer was shhhiiiitttttt. Terrible.'
p61
aS'Am I the only one who thought Ma-Ma was what Callisto should have been in \nthe X-Men movies?'
p62
aS'I swear this movie looks pg13 am i the only one who thought that when they \nfirst saw the trailer'
p63
aS'i still perfer sylvester stallone as dredd'
p64
aS'Robocop came out a decade of Judge Dredd....RC 87.JD 95.Someone is \nbackwards!'
p65
aS'all i want for christmas is a sequel'
p66
aS'i had been ignoring this movie for a long time, i thought it wud another \nshitty remake. but the one day i had nothing else to do so i watched it \nand, boy oh boy was i surprised, its such an awesome movie. i was stunned. \nits one of those movies that you can watch over and over and not get tired \nof it. highly recommend it. this movie deserved more attention.   '
p67
aS'Have you even seen The Raid redemption?'
p68
aS'One does not simply compare a dystopian future movie with a present era \nmovie'
p69
aS'Yea just watched this the other day, pleasantly surprised, it kicked ass!!'
p70
aS'For those wondering why the film didn\'t do well... 2 reasons : 1. "R" \nrating 2. The Raid:Redemption'
p71
aS'One does not simply compare a dystopian future movie with a present era \nmovie'
p72
aS'Yea just watched this the other day, pleasantly surprised, it kicked ass!!'
p73
aS'For those wondering why the film didn\'t do well... 2 reasons : 1. "R" \nrating 2. The Raid:Redemption'
p74
aS'This looks the film the raid'
p75
aS'I loved Karl Urban in Ridick so much !! Will watch this tomorrow.. He \nnailed it as Vakoo '
p76
aS'In for the kill skrillex'
p77
aS'EPIC.THATS ALL I HAVE TO SAY.....'
p78
aS'One of the few descent remakes.This movie held on to the original.'
p79
aS"I'm going to watch this tonight, Sci-Fi is wicked man!!"
p80
aS'Such an under rated film'
p81
aS'Is it fuck.'
p82
aS'At 20 years old I never really got into comics, unfortunately, so I didn\'t \neven hear about the character until a few years ago, but plenty of fellow \nnerds have given this movie enough praise for me to check out, for sure. \nAlso, Karl Urban played Bones in the Trek reboot and voiced how they should \nstop copying old storylines so I have no doubt he appealed to the hardcore \nfans first in "Dredd."'
p83
aS"People there is a Petition to Kickstart a sequel to Dredd. It's on Facebook \ncalled Make a DREDD Sequel. This the official page for it with the link to \nthe petition in it's about section. I could do with some spreading. "
p84
aS'retardet masks... '
p85
aS'But in all honesty, the film is still quite different from the orriginal \ncomic books'
p86
aS'Karl Urban kicks ass!'
p87
aS'Good movie but it has nasty clips'
p88
aS'what a great movie makes my top 5 movies i have seen this year 10 out of 10'
p89
aS'THIS MOVIE IS SO SICK.'
p90
aS'Sequel should include the dark judges'
p91
aS'Grown ups 2 did better than this. Thumbs up if this fact makes you hate \nwestern society.'
p92
aS'plus i am praying for a sequel '
p93
aS'acum sa testam acest comment si sa vedem daca iese bine'
p94
a.