(lp0
S'travolta will win an oscar for this one!hahahahaha'
p1
aS'wow this movie is gonna fucking suck.'
p2
aS"your right, it's another mediocre movie...almost like we went back in time \nto the 90s'"
p3
aS"Quoting Wired Magazine. I know you can barely read, but try looking at my \noriginal post. and it's psychologists doing it. You know, people with \ndegrees and education and stuff like that. I know you'd spell your response \nright but someone would report you."
p4
aS'@DaHerewHammer lol good one'
p5
aS'Its just another dump cop gang movie.'
p6
aS'@giorga2004 LOL you thought you\'d waste your time saying you don\'t like a \npost you "didnt" read? you read it biyatch and you know it was the truth, \nget over it'
p7
aS'hahaha he blew those guys away with a desert eag le xD'
p8
aS'Check out my movie review of From Paris With Love'
p9
aS'I would apsolutly wish that I have heard for moovi.co.cc before than last \nmonth... Would have taken a lot of advantages even before on this site... I \nrecommend it to anybody!'
p10
aS'This makes "Pelham 1,2,3" look like freaking "Citizen Kane."'
p11
aS'Worst Movie Ever?'
p12
aS'looks goofy as hell'
p13
aS'This looks like the most retarded movie ever and John Travolta looks \nterrible!'
p14
aS'BOND RIPOFF'
p15
aS'looks gay,sounds gay, feels gay to watch the trailor for more than 30 \nseconds yea this movie sucks why the hell did i click the link'
p16
aS'@sjhodges1758 Looks like someone wants to go to prison. lol'
p17
aS'Cause your Gay lol'
p18
aS'ummm, "from Russia with Love" hella copied the name...'
p19
aS'travolta looks fucking silly give him the long hair from pulp fiction'
p20
aS"And you'll have a new-found disrespect for him after you see this."
p21
aS'travolta needs to chew on a freaking nuke and die! and i wish he would stop \ntrying to act.'
p22
aS'Ya James Bond movie was "From Russia with Love" but i bet this is better'
p23
aS"travolta's face is just fuckin weird in this movie man......"
p24
aS"fuck google and it's promoted vidoe goddammit. fucking googlke ads, blow me."
p25
aS'this movie looks awsome'
p26
aS'@sjhodges1758 Looks like someone wants to go to prison. lol'
p27
aS'This vid actually looks good'
p28
aS'Cause your Gay lol'
p29
aS'ummm, "from Russia with Love" hella copied the name...'
p30
aS'travolta looks fucking silly give him the long hair from pulp fiction'
p31
aS"And you'll have a new-found disrespect for him after you see this."
p32
aS"i would like this movie if it wasn't for john travolta.... i mean i like \njohnathan rhys but i travolta is a fag"
p33
aS'travolta needs to chew on a freaking nuke and die! and i wish he would stop \ntrying to act.'
p34
aS'Ya James Bond movie was "From Russia with Love" but i bet this is better'
p35
aS"travolta's face is just fuckin weird in this movie man......"
p36
aS"fuck google and it's promoted vidoe goddammit. fucking googlke ads, blow me."
p37
aS'lmao me too, sadly. John travolta is corny as fuck.'
p38
aS'Super movie that I saw with my girlfriend. --> Viewed it at leadmovies.comX \n- (del X)'
p39
aS"My band decided on From Paris With Love as a band name. A week later we \nwere watching TV and saw the preview for this. In unison we said 'Aww, shit'"
p40
aS"This movie is really amazing alot of effort was put into it, Chinkie intel \nagents didn't like it."
p41
aS'Damn, Travolta is one pissed off Neo-Nazi.'
p42
aS"for those of you worried, yeah he's not given away any spoilers at all as \nfar as I can tell, just mentioned some themes the plot centers around (as \nfar as telling the actual story content). No worries reading it then. \nSounds great :) See movie on kkica and enjoy!"
p43
aS'Amazing movie!! Totaly recommended movie for all movie fans. This is \nfantastic story you are gonna love.. This is not one of those bad movies, \nafter watching this you won\'t say: "I can\'t believe I just spent 2 hours \nwatching this". JUst great! I give you my admiration... See it at \nmoovi.co.cc.'
p44
aS'Everybody watch "skatepal1212 how to nollie flip " its fucking awesome and \nim wearin the kool aid man shirt!!!'
p45
aS'sadasd'
p46
aS'Taken was a terrible movie, and this will be too. Poor travolta....someone \ngive him a mullet'
p47
aS'travolta sort of geriatric actor , but it should not be really bad, still \nadds some spice to movies'
p48
aS'hahahaha ..dude eat shitttttttttt ..'
p49
aS'Amazing movie!! Totaly recommended movie for all movie fans. This is \nfantastic story you are gonna love.. This is not one of those bad movies, \nafter watching this you won\'t say: "I can\'t believe I just spent 2 hours \nwatching this". JUst great! I give you my admiration... See it at \nmoovi.co.cc.'
p50
aS'Everybody watch "skatepal1212 how to nollie flip " its fucking awesome and \nim wearin the kool aid man shirt!!!'
p51
aS'the producers would have to give me a free ticket and and buy me anything i \nwanted at the concession stand if they wanted me to sit through this piece \nof garbage.'
p52
aS'sadasd'
p53
aS'Taken was a terrible movie, and this will be too. Poor travolta....someone \ngive him a mullet'
p54
aS'travolta sort of geriatric actor , but it should not be really bad, still \nadds some spice to movies'
p55
aS'nope.'
p56
aS'Bruce willis the end'
p57
aS'hahahaha ..dude eat shitttttttttt ..'
p58
aS'K00000000000l :D'
p59
aS'Looks awesome!!'
p60
aS'So today I am going to go to the fillmsi.co.cc and watch this one yes! \nhahaa. I love it, it never gets old, its so unique and dope. They keep it \nreal, they make it seem old fashioned and precise :) Im so excited!'
p61
aS'i thought this was gonna be another james bond movie when i saw the poster.'
p62
aS'i wanna see this cause i just saw pulp fiction (I KNOW) and have a new \nfound respect for john travolta . to bad it has the transporter director.'
p63
aS'i hope this is as good as be cool! (one of my all time favorites)'
p64
aS'for the love of god remove this crap from ads travolta = shit this crap \nneeds to stop showing up in searches nobody wants to see this crap'
p65
aS'Check out Dj Vazer'
p66
aS"okay john travolta was in musicals, dressed in drag for hairspray, voice \novers for children movies, was in a comedy about middle aged men and now \nhe's trying to be badass? no, just, no. i mean there was pulp fiction, but \nseriously?? wow shaving your head&growing a goatee doesn't make you a \nhardass lmao"
p67
aS'this looks like typical garbage from Travolta. and the bald goateed look \nmakes him look even weirder than normal'
p68
aS'Fuck the Chinkies all 1 Billion of them 1:05 After we waste 1 Billion of \nthem we keep the best looking 200 Million Chinese hoes to meet our needs \nfor happy endings & cheap gadgets'
p69
aS'in media productions (video games, movies etc.) all of the sounds are taken \nfrom sound clips and boards that are publicly accescible, that is why you \nmight hear the same sound for multiple media products- such as the exact \nsame scream from a woman.'
p70
aS'john travolta should give up'
p71
aS"Didn't they make this movie..like a thousand times?"
p72
aS'"Move closer, i need to change my diaper"'
p73
aS'i wanna see this cause i just saw pulp fiction (I KNOW) and have a new \nfound respect for john travolta . to bad it has the transporter director.'
p74
aS'i hope this is as good as be cool! (one of my all time favorites)'
p75
aS'for the love of god remove this crap from ads travolta = shit this crap \nneeds to stop showing up in searches nobody wants to see this crap'
p76
aS"i thought they were all bad (exept Get shorty i hav'en't seen that or Pulp \nfiction).... my opinion. and something else in my opinion: leave me alone \nand don't assume no one knows what they''re talking about."
p77
aS'Check out Dj Vazer'
p78
aS"What!? Are you serious!? Have you never seen Face Off!? Get Shorty!? Or \neven Be Cool!? Pulp Fiction to say the least!? How old are you kid!? The \nThin Red Line. Basic!? Broken Arrow? Is any of this sinking in yet? Just \nsaying ( whether you find them intertaining or not) where all action \nflicks. That's my only criticism. He was in a lot of action flicks. Some I \nliked some I didn't. Pieces!!!!! :)"
p79
aS"okay john travolta was in musicals, dressed in drag for hairspray, voice \novers for children movies, was in a comedy about middle aged men and now \nhe's trying to be badass? no, just, no. i mean there was pulp fiction, but \nseriously?? wow shaving your head&growing a goatee doesn't make you a \nhardass lmao"
p80
aS'this looks like typical garbage from Travolta. and the bald goateed look \nmakes him look even weirder than normal'
p81
aS'Fuck the Chinkies all 1 Billion of them 1:05 After we waste 1 Billion of \nthem we keep the best looking 200 Million Chinese hoes to meet our needs \nfor happy endings & cheap gadgets'
p82
aS'in media productions (video games, movies etc.) all of the sounds are taken \nfrom sound clips and boards that are publicly accescible, that is why you \nmight hear the same sound for multiple media products- such as the exact \nsame scream from a woman.'
p83
aS'john travolta should give up'
p84
aS"Didn't they make this movie..like a thousand times?"
p85
aS'"Move closer, i need to change my diaper"'
p86
aS'this movie looks really good'
p87
aS'Wow did anyone else catch that racist comment about asians...I thought it \nwas funny though.'
p88
aS'i saw this movie today it was pretty good better that i expected'
p89
aS'just another stupid action flick that will get 1 star out of four'
p90
aS'I SAW IT LAST NIGHT AND WAS VERY IMPRESSED..I THOUGHT THE CAST GAVE A VERY \nGOOD CHARACTER PROTRAIL. Pleasantly surprised.I saw it on kookca and it \nwas not what I expected at all. Twisted but Good.'
p91
aS"doesn't look that good and I'm mad they just changed a Bond title and made \nit Paris instead of Russia-be original!"
p92
aS'John Travolta shoots things while a real agent tries to do real agent \nstuff. What the fuck is that shit?'
p93
aS"I will pass on this one oh and anything else that Travolta does. I dont' \nlike my money going to Scientology down the road"
p94
aS'So true bra'
p95
aS'I tried to deny it and think the first one was the best but in all honesty, \nthis was the most action packed sequel to date!! LOVED IT! go watch it on \nfillmsi.co.cc people!'
p96
aS'I think everyone is missing a lot of the audio effects in this film... \nparticularly in the very last shot. So try to see it again at kkica to \ncatch all the details. And while i thoroughly enjoyed the film, and at the \ntime was very caught up in it, reflection over the past few days has left a \nreally satisfied feeling.'
p97
a.