(lp0
S'warum habe ich den nicht gesehen?'
p1
aS'wonder if she fucks good as she fights!!!'
p2
aS'That movie was solo rubbish!'
p3
aS'Wut, Channing Tatum?'
p4
aS'A good movie that could have been much better'
p5
aS"Looks like the lead actress will let this film down, I just don't buy it."
p6
aS'I enjoyed the movie and the acting by the lead actress was spectacular.\n\nThe story line was complex enough to make the plot-twists interesting but \nnot complex enough to confuse the audience.'
p7
aS'hahaa banderas with an arab beard!'
p8
aS'Good movie this!'
p9
aS'this movie is bad :/'
p10
aS'Movie 6/10, because Gina Carano is in there, 7,01/10 !!!!!!!1111111 Trailer \n6,5/10'
p11
aS'I must say I was a little disapointed when I saw this film... Gina is a \ngreat fighter but not a very great actress.. The trailer did look much \nbetter than the film actually was. I just wrote a review on this film. Let \nme know what you think of it! TY \nhttp://evelynw89.wordpress.com/2014/03/11/haywire-review/'
p12
aS'This looks so fucking bad.'
p13
aS'What an incredible cast! And Gina steals the show...'
p14
aS'beautiful Girl'
p15
aS'The actors are good!! Her moves are awesome!'
p16
aS"The trailer doesn't do justice to the movie at all. The lead female actress \nwas what made the movie because she looked like she could  actually pull \noff all the stunt moves and fighting choreography. This is supported by the \nfact that she is a trained MMA fighter. Unlike in other movies where the \nfemale lead assassin or spy is a wispy stick thin girl who looks like she \ncould snap in half at any second, Gina Carano looks like she could kick ass \nand does exactly that."
p17
aS'Best....of year.\n\n'
p18
aS'This was an okay movie. Nothing special.'
p19
aS'cheap cheap camera works '
p20
aS'Wow'
p21
aS'im trying to imagine how that would sound if t was the other way around'
p22
aS'Gina Carano...nice...totally female JS'
p23
aS'Gina Carano is so badass.......... its beyond belief.'
p24
aS'first anakin and now obi? all these betrayals make me sick'
p25
aS"I always love the voice of a butch woman who sounds like she's smoked \ncigarettes for 40 years."
p26
aS'Coming up in Episode #98... #podcast  '
p27
aS'im trying to imagine how that would sound if t was the other way around'
p28
aS'Gina Carano...nice...totally female JS'
p29
aS'Gina Carano is so badass.......... its beyond belief.'
p30
aS'Really? The only difference I see between this and just about Any action \nmovie about a special agent being betrayed (Bourne, Shooter) is that, in \nthis one the protagonist is a woman. But to each his/her own I guess...'
p31
aS'I will buy the BD on one condition I can enjoy seeing Antonio Banderas \nbeing killed in a very horrible way by a hot young woman who tells him she \nwould rather fuck a goat than him !'
p32
aS'first anakin and now obi? all these betrayals make me sick'
p33
aS'Supermans girlfriend. ? run!'
p34
aS"no matter how good they are .. women can't do action .."
p35
aS'Gina Carano :) <3 Third world MMA female FIGHTER :) Love her so much :D'
p36
aS"I bet she's a freak in the sheets come here girl!"
p37
aS'she legit is the female version of statham. if thats possible'
p38
aS'women are in the military so you get the idea of how an action heroin \nshould be like'
p39
aS'Not really, most of the women veterans were raped in Afghanistan by own \nsoldiers. So I wouldnt count on that! '
p40
aS'OMG.... A super wookie...'
p41
aS"really? i don't think don't think she looks like a man in drag"
p42
aS'this reminds me of nikita.....movie version'
p43
aS'I am pleased I looked at this movie HD on movies2free.info\\mnj32 \nmovies2free.info\\3jz '
p44
aS'alot of my ex girlfriends have been weak when coming to strength but a few \nof them while play fighting have been quite strong for a girl'
p45
aS'Yet males generally are faster and stronger, if you took a male vs female, \nsame weight/height same training. 9/10 the male will win. '
p46
aS'wtf??? i thought it was a sexy movie....'
p47
aS'Christ she shoud be wonder woman in the justice league movie'
p48
aS'Yet males generally are faster and stronger, if you took a male vs female, \nsame weight/height same training. 9/10 the male will win. '
p49
aS'wtf??? i thought it was a sexy movie....'
p50
aS'Christ she shoud be wonder woman in the justice league movie'
p51
aS"I like the fight scene choreography. I know Carano could deliver when it \ncomes to throwing punches and kicking ass since she's a professional \nfighter but the rest of the movie was so meh meh meh"
p52
aS'where are those fucking boobs:)))? '
p53
aS"where's Angelina Jolie?! "
p54
aS'gaad maara loo sav'
p55
aS'Shes pretty. movieparadeonline.co.nr'
p56
aS'I loved this movie. I want more.'
p57
aS'I saw the movie, that WOMAN RULES!'
p58
aS'So many great actors but such a shit film....'
p59
aS'Who did Gina Carano bone to land lead role of this movie? She does not \nbelong, this movie has Ewan Mcgreggor, Michael Fassbender and Michael \nDouglas. Something does not add up.'
p60
aS'lol'
p61
aS'true'
p62
aS'ian not sure you got my point I was suggesting you to watch the movie \nnikita from luc besson....you will see a very persuasive woman action \nfigures......'
p63
aS'She could WELL be the female Jason Statham coz she looks really cool when \nshe fights.'
p64
aS'this is fckign stupid -.- they copied the Borne theme and planted it into a \nwomen -.- fking stupid lines are even the same " when she does something \ntheres always a reason for it" .... damit retarded writers lol this is big \nbudget flop :) '
p65
aS'try N.I.K.I.T.A from luc besson!'
p66
aS'i watch this movie. gina is a good fighter, but unfortunately this movie is \nboring. too boring. many good actors but boring movie.'
p67
aS'Tiger Lily Road'
p68
aS'when u hear the voice.......small budget movie '
p69
aS'She must have banged Steve Sodergbergh to get this part. Her bad acting \nreally stands out with that nice cast '
p70
aS"It wasn't a bad movie. Not good either. Most of the movie was spent in \nchase scenes, watching the heroine run or drive. The supporting actors were \nbetter for dialogue and acting ability as well. The action was decent \nthough unbelievable in some spots. I'd wouldn't pay for this. If you can \nfind it free somewhere it would be amusing once to watch and then forget."
p71
aS'She can adopt me'
p72
aS'try N.I.K.I.T.A from luc besson!'
p73
aS'i watch this movie. gina is a good fighter, but unfortunately this movie is \nboring. too boring. many good actors but boring movie.'
p74
aS'Tiger Lily Road'
p75
aS'when u hear the voice.......small budget movie '
p76
aS'She must have banged Steve Sodergbergh to get this part. Her bad acting \nreally stands out with that nice cast '
p77
aS'evo x '
p78
aS"It wasn't a bad movie. Not good either. Most of the movie was spent in \nchase scenes, watching the heroine run or drive. The supporting actors were \nbetter for dialogue and acting ability as well. The action was decent \nthough unbelievable in some spots. I'd wouldn't pay for this. If you can \nfind it free somewhere it would be amusing once to watch and then forget."
p79
aS'She can adopt me'
p80
aS'God! Steven Soderbergh hates Channing Tatum so much . He kills him every \ntime at the beginning of the movie. Except for the magic mike. '
p81
aS'if she was soo good, why didnt US send her to go Iraq and save the war? \nright cause she fake and show off. hahaha'
p82
aS'Is it just me or are there 7 suggested videos to my right that suggest sex?'
p83
aS"she has real fighting skills dude so just shut up..she'll knock out in a \nring"
p84
aS'She is the one in fast and furious 6 .!!!'
p85
aS"Right click the video Stop download You're welcome."
p86
aS"What about Cynthia Rothrock's?"
p87
aS'HAHAHA!!!! A woman beating up a man...what is this a fantasy movie???? '
p88
aS'might I add Channing Tatum..'
p89
aS'shes in the new fast and furious ubber sxy '
p90
aS'This was ok more action than story ...'
p91
aS'i think gina carano should show her boobs...im just saying. id like to know \nwhat they look like....for, science. '
p92
aS'Where are all the Fake Passports ?'
p93
aS'Mrs.Bourne'
p94
aS'This was a rubbish film. It had so many great actors in it(Ewan McGregor, \nMichael Douglas, Antonio Banderas) yet it was so boring. The only good \nscene was the fight on the beach between Ewan and Carano. It is clear that \nthe director of this film has no idea how to make an action movie. In one \nvery long action scene all the shooting and fight noises are cut out and \nall there is is music. This totally ruins the scene and the film.'
p95
aS'will u marry me,then kick the shit out of me'
p96
a.