(lp0
S'if your a fan of horror movies and havent seen this you need to, classic \nhorror movie right here and one of the bests from the 2000s when horror \nmovies started to go downhill'
p1
aS"i watched this Watch Mojo top 10 creepy pasta's and one of them was about \nThe Rake and they put footage from this movie in so im going to watch it, \nim wearing two pairs of underwear because i know im going to shit my pants \natleast once."
p2
aS'Awesome movie. Part 2 I thought was pretty damn good too as sequels go.'
p3
aS'i watched this movie when i was like 8 i was scared to death '
p4
aS"Very annoying movie. I like the idea but the way they lead the audience was \nso annoying. Can't imagine this got 7.3 on imdb. part 2 is even worse/"
p5
aS"some scenes reminds me of Tomb Raider 2013,especially in 1:33.Sure I would \nwatch this,it's great."
p6
aS'When comes part 3 ?'
p7
aS'Reminds me alot of As Above, So Below.\n\nBut gonna give it a try'
p8
aS'Boring'
p9
aS'Is it The Rake?!'
p10
aS"I've watched this terrible film bad acting no scare for me number 2 was OK \nbut nothing to shout about I would not call this horror comic maybe not \nhorror.. "
p11
aS'The movie about friends right ? '
p12
aS'The creatures remind me of Falmer from TES.'
p13
aS"The only horror movie I've ever seen that has actually been scary."
p14
aS'i love this movie wish there was a part 3'
p15
aS'Make a third pleaseeeeeeee'
p16
aS'I love this movie'
p17
aS'The best movie in the historie! People you have to got see this movie!!!'
p18
aS'this movie is boring as fuck ... waste of time'
p19
aS'this kind of remind me of the jackal in creepy pasta'
p20
aS"i wouldn't listen to the hype machine about this or it's sequel, just watch \nand you'll love it. but the hype machine went into overdrive and it doesn't \nlive up to alien lol."
p21
aS'I love this fucking movie, best horror movie ever *-*'
p22
aS'This movie is epic!!'
p23
aS'nope this is the part one'
p24
aS'My favorite movie every'
p25
aS"If this shit was real I would have shit my pants even if I was the only guy \naround a bunch of girls. My GOD I hate heights I would never do this shit! \nEspecially to live in a cave forever trying to find the way out when \nthere's a lot of creepy fuckers around. Dang, poor her in the movie. :S"
p26
aS"so this the story of Juno and her friends ? I'm confused ' so the movie \nthat I watched is the Part 2?"
p27
aS'I loooooveeee this movie. one of the great horror movie.'
p28
aS"the movie almost bursts ur ball , it was so fucking scary i didn't dare to \nwatch it fullscreen"
p29
aS'Altahh hab ich mich erschreckt :ooo'
p30
aS"Ouais ca fait pas peur... et puis j'adore l'actrice <3 ( la blonde)"
p31
aS'1 and 2 are great'
p32
aS"Too bad the horror of the crawlers aren't fully utilized. I was expecting \nmore of their brutal and gruesome act. But the fear within the dark and \nclaustrophobia are intriguing. The descent is probably the more descent \nhorror film i watched. "
p33
aS'The rake'
p34
aS'1:15 Oo Whouaaa!!'
p35
aS'I love to see the movie descent'
p36
a.