(lp0
S'A brilliant movie!'
p1
aS'I looked for the band the descendants and found this instead'
p2
aS'Loved the movie.\n Clooney at his best!'
p3
aS'Love the movie. And a big hand to the soundtrack. '
p4
aS'watched Descendants before Fault in Our Star ,  no wonder Hazel Grace actor \nwas somewhat familiar... Descendants is still a good watch even if you dont \nknow Shailene lol... by that, I really think Shailene got her cast in Fault \nin Our Star just because of this movie'
p5
aS"this trailer doesn't give the film justice i think. it's a very very good \nmovie. it's one way of seeing a whole new perspective on life as a father \ndealing with family issues and marital problems. and the amazing HAWAII. I \nhave never been there but the movie just represents the Paradise itself. \nSome people says it's boring maybe they like other films like One Direction \nthe movie and Justin Bieber Concert. . . . kids nowadays. . . smh"
p6
aS'the book is good :)'
p7
aS'who cares about a cheating whore '
p8
aS'1:26  Flap Flap Flap Flap Flap Flap Flap '
p9
aS'whats the song at 1:45??'
p10
aS'If I see this I really will be doing this for shailene and only shailene \nbecause otherwise I would have no desire to see this movie. It looks so \nboring!'
p11
aS'SORRY, BAD SUBTITLES TRANSLATION INTO SPANISH IN MANY OF THE DIALOGUES !!'
p12
aS'Shai3'
p13
aS'In the last scene Clooney, Shailene Woodley (niiice) and the kid were \ncovered by the very same blanket used for the wife/mother at her deathbed \n... I smell sth subliminal here :P'
p14
aS"It seems like George Clooney's character in this movie inspired the \ncreation of Michael from GTA V. They just seem similar to me"
p15
aS'The bit where blue skies by Noah and the Whale plays at the end is too \nbeautiful for words.'
p16
aS'Decided to check this out after learning Jim Rash, producer of community, \ngot an Oscar for it. This looks awesome!'
p17
aS'The Descendants is one of those to me where I almost shed a tear and almost \nstarted crying.'
p18
aS"Movie wasn't what I expected, quite sad but the acting was so good, you \nreally got caught up in the film. No critic but would rate a 7/10."
p19
aS'i like clooney here... its kind a humanized him, make him normal and family \nlike..'
p20
aS"I'm gonna hit you, BAM"
p21
aS'@supalove me too'
p22
aS'looks and sounds like typical american schmaltz'
p23
aS"This trailer just doesn't do the film justice. It's beautiful and \nheartbreaking, I highly recommend it."
p24
aS'Just watched this movie! It was exceptional, I highly recommend it!'
p25
aS"Hawaii also has one of the highest suicide rates of any country, I suppose \nwhen life has little prospects you just don't want to go on anymore."
p26
aS'i dont really WATCH DRAMA . but when i do, i do it w/CLASS\nbest DRAMA movie.. '
p27
aS"love payne's work. this movie in particular always makes me pine for \nHawaii, how I miss it."
p28
aS'Best movie ever....'
p29
aS"I LOVED this show.  First of all, I love me some George Clooney, and \nsecond, I can't get enough of the Hawaiian Islands.  The emotional dynamics \nget awkward in this story, but Cool Clooney made it all work oh, so well."
p30
aS'This was a great movie. Looking forward to Nebraska.'
p31
aS"We're watching this right now in English class. A great one. Can't wait to \nfinish. "
p32
aS'I love Shaileen. Idk if I spelled her name correctly, but I love that gal. \nAmazing actress '
p33
aS"if anybody ever doubts shailene woodley's acting, watch this movie."
p34
aS'When I saw this in theaters on opening day there was alot of people in the \ntheater. At the end of the movie all I hear is people sniffing their noses \nand crying.'
p35
aS'Great movie'
p36
aS"Having just watched Gravity - in which George Clooney delivers one of the \nworst acting performances of recent times, equalled only by Sandra Bullock \n(also in Gravity) - i can't say i'm in a hurry to watch this film, despite \nthe good things a lot of people say about it"
p37
aS"I'm watching this in English class. It's a great movie"
p38
aS"Such a well done movie. I love watching Clooney when he doesn't play the \ncalm collective stud that always has the answers. "
p39
aS'Shai is amazing'
p40
aS'I love this movie !! My most favorite with George Clooney !! The music is \nexceptional as whole Hawai 8-)  '
p41
aS'Such a amazing movie'
p42
aS"I just watched it yesterday =)) it's amazing...i'm not really into some \nindie movies but now I want to discover more coz it looks great."
p43
aS"How can you cheat on George Clooney it's like slapping God in his face!"
p44
aS'Good movie about family that had some serious drama without being \ndepressing or falling into indie cliches, and it had an uplifting ending.  \nAlso about the power of forgiveness and letting go.  Too many dramatic \nfilms end up being just plain dreary or pretentious.'
p45
aS'shailene is amazing <3'
p46
aS'a good affair... i put it a 8/10 mark\nI watched it next to "Little Children"(2006) ...it\'s hard to say which is \nthe best movie...'
p47
aS'I DONT LIKE DRAMA S'
p48
aS'I watched this the other night...*excellent movie*!!! The Hawaiian music \nthrough out the movie tested my patience.. LOL! Other then that I really \nenjoyed it :D\n\n#movietrailers   #movies  '
p49
aS'Ive just seen it for the first time...... such a sad film..... i cried! x'
p50
aS'Shailene Woodley (the main actress in this film) is going to be playing the \nrole of Tris in the upcoming movie called Divergent and Hazel in the movie \ncalled The fault in our stars ! I hope this helped ! '
p51
aS"I'm sure it's a good movie, but whoever made the trailer should be shot."
p52
aS"It's a sad movie"
p53
aS'is it funny or boring or what is the movie like? '
p54
aS'GEORGE CLOONEY IS THE MOST OVERATED ACTOR ON THE PLANET. HE WAS SO STIFF \nAND UNFEELING IN THIS WASTE OF TIME MOVIE.'
p55
aS'who is Hazel Grace?'
p56
aS'Cool movie trailer'
p57
aS'Bomb bad, yeah.'
p58
aS'no but I was brought here because she is going to be playing mary jane in \nthe new spider-man movie'
p59
aS'The best action scene in this movie was the part where the old guy ran on \nstreet?'
p60
aS'From the movie poster, I thought he was holding a gun lol'
p61
aS'im a guy and i loved this movie :)'
p62
aS'I wanted to punch Sid in the face for some of the stupid stuff he said in \nthe movie xD. '
p63
aS'GREAT MOVIE'
p64
aS'thumbs up if you came here because of "How It Should\'ve Ended"'
p65
aS'Hello Hazel Grace.'
p66
aS'Well you can\'t just stick a little girl yelling "Shut up, you motherless \nwhore!" into a trailer!'
p67
aS'This is a great movie..'
p68
aS"Spoiler Alert: George Clooney's wife has sex with Shaggy from Scooby Doo."
p69
aS'yeah i know got a oscar nom too'
p70
aS"She's a character from the book TFiOS."
p71
aS'In her TV show she was horrible (imo, nobody bitch at me) but in this she \nwas amazing <3'
p72
aS'@UKGHead Wtf?'
p73
aS'This is a great movie..'
p74
aS"Spoiler Alert: George Clooney's wife has sex with Shaggy from Scooby Doo."
p75
aS'yeah i know got a oscar nom too'
p76
aS"She's a character from the book TFiOS."
p77
aS'In her TV show she was horrible (imo, nobody bitch at me) but in this she \nwas amazing <3'
p78
aS'@UKGHead Wtf?'
p79
aS"Great movie. I'm visiting Hanalei, Kauai - staying a few doors down from \nthe cottages where it was filmed. Walking past those places brings back \nfond memories of the film. "
p80
aS'LOOOOOL, dead on correct'
p81
aS'So this has nothing to do with the band? Shit.'
p82
aS'Good film. The setting made this movie way better.'
p83
aS"I just finished reading the book, now I'm about to watch this movie"
p84
aS'She is going to be the BEST Tris & Hazel ever!'
p85
aS"Came here to see shailene woodley act. I've only ever seen her in her tv \nseries which IMO was horrible! so I was disappointed when I found out she \nwill be taking the role of tris prior in divergent. But seeing this trailer \ngave me hope that she will play an amazing tris. Going to watch this movie \nnow!"
p86
aS'brilliant film, well worth watching.'
p87
aS'peaceful movie! '
p88
aS'i agree! she is actually really good (:'
p89
aS'fat'
p90
aS'omg yess'
p91
aS"Actually, you find out at the beginning that the mother will unavoidably \ndie because it's in her testament that she didn't want to be kept alive by \nmachines... And I won't say anything else other than wacth this film... I'm \na long way away of consider myself a movie buff but I've seen my share of \ngood movies and this is easily in my top 5..."
p92
aS'Wow. It is not a drama show btw it is for a movie called Divergent! Get \nyour facts straight. When you have seen the movie come back and think about \nwhat you said.'
p93
aS'Hahaha'
p94
aS'apple '
p95
aS'Fine performance by Clooney (and the supporting cast). Really enjoyed this \none.'
p96
aS'1:20 the last name tho. Ok sorry for my weirdness'
p97
a.