(lp0
S'USA was like 10 minutes in WWII, yet they act like they won it all by them \nselfes.\nIn a few years all people will believe Germany was the Empire and USA the \nRebels....'
p1
aS"Um, idk if i can see this movie now. Shermans cant go toe to toe with \nTigers and here we have one shrugging off 88's like its spitballs."
p2
aS'More lame propaganda from jew pitt '
p3
aS'Whoa. Not seen this trailer before.\n\n"Ideals are peaceful, history is violent."\n\nAnd goddamn it, I say "$1.25 a day, best job I ever had" literally all the \ntime at work (course they say it slightly different).'
p4
aS'A Brad Pitt movie that doesnt look like absolute shit for once?'
p5
aS'This looks really really good. They used a real German Tiger tank in this \nmovie.'
p6
aS'IF anyone was curious, the tank they are using is a M4A3E8 or "Easy Eight" \nSherman. Basically just an up-armored and quicker variant of the classic M4'
p7
aS"Oh look, another WW2 American movie.. can't wait to see the EVIL DEMONIC \nRACIST NAZI FASCIST WHITE SUPREMACISTS HITLER 6 MILLION JEWS! movie \nagain... Oh this time its 5 against 300?? yep.. sure sure."
p8
aS'Great. Every video about tanks, guns, airplanes, cars, we get dorks who \nvolunteer their information that no one except their fellow dorks give a \nshit about. "oh that tank model is this" "oh that gun is a modified \nak-shit-shooter" "that airplane is a boeing-poop-flyer-whateer". Get these \ndorks some pussy so they\'d shut up. '
p9
aS'the good brave Americans against the bad evil Germans, how pathetic really.'
p10
aS'This is the movie where shia went crazy when they made it. He refused to \nshower for weeks and everyone on set disliked him.'
p11
aS"Shane!!!! Why doesn't Jon Bernthal get mentioned in the movies he's in?"
p12
aS'Okay, i am kinda sold of this movie via this trailer. Watchlisted :)'
p13
aS"so lol it s so funny true story and yet no record for that  lol like best \ntank commander Material Wittmann's Tiger 007 so why there is no fill for \nhim just saying "
p14
aS'AGAIN a ww2 movie? REALLY?'
p15
aS"Diggin' Shia's moustache. Btw bring some tissues when you watch it. I found \nout the hard way "
p16
aS'Nein!!!!!!!!'
p17
aS'i watch this movie yesterday , and i can say its one of the best movie i \nsaw every \n\ntrust me , you should watch its worth '
p18
aS"I can't recall any film one on tank crews...this will interesting."
p19
aS'I read the title and I already know its going to be a great movie with \nthese awesome actors'
p20
aS"It's about time we had another solid World War Two movie focused on tanks. "
p21
aS'sorry, but it looks like shit...'
p22
aS'Another Fantasy Movie about WWII.\nI\'m just waiting for someone to say: "Release the Kraken!" :D'
p23
aS'ahhhh...another movie from a good war, where the enemies got defeated, the \nopponent had a clear cut villain image and afterwards glory and victory \nawaited! It is even psychological, with all the crap that is now enfolding \nin Iraq and Afghanistan where veterans are asking themselves, what the heck \nall the fighting in falludscha was about in the end!'
p24
aS'Am I the only one had goose bumps while watching this?'
p25
aS"Hope it's good!"
p26
aS'This will either redeem Shia LaBeouf or it will destroy both Brads and \nShias image. '
p27
aS"Tiger vs Sherman. What's the bet in real life?"
p28
aS'I think we were in need of tank movies.'
p29
aS'Next saving private Ryan '
p30
aS'Shia LaBeouf in this movie "No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No \nNo No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No!"'
p31
aS'This mutherfucker is in every movie '
p32
aS"it looks good and has potential but they've probably fucked it up anyway. \nNo doubt brad pitt is going to be a super soldier that knows everything \nabout war, the love interest is going to ruin the movie and then most of \nthe facts are gonna be way off. im gonna bet that this movie is far too \nmuch of a spin-off epic exaggeration of the real history to call itself a \nWW2 movie, it'll probably end up as a glorified COD movie."
p33
aS"I'm pretty sure the sherman will win against the tiger because 'murica \nthat's why!"
p34
aS'The movie will become great but let me have my say. What is the point of \nmaking another ww2 movie when the world is getting fucked up by Islamic \nterrorists? Know your real enemy. It could be your friendly muzzie \nneighbour who is recruiting for ISIS and terrorism.'
p35
aS'haha jewish hollywood propaganda,whole holywood are fuckin jews,adam \nsandler,rob schneider,steven spielberg,jews are cancer of the world they \nwant just money, we need holocaust 2 :D'
p36
aS'You know you are fucked when Germans are sending 300 Spartans.'
p37
aS'Inglorious Bastards 2: FURY'
p38
aS'Anyone know the song at 1:55 ?'
p39
aS'This movie looks dull as f*ck.'
p40
aS'another bullshit movie, first of all, the red tails, and now this. amies \nalways think everybody is idiot just like themselves....'
p41
aS'Ideals Are peaceful. History is violent .... brad pitt:)'
p42
aS'when will hollywood get sick of killing germans, how many ww 2 and even a \nfew ww 1 movies that show a few, usually American or Brit, soldiers going \nup against 100s of germans and then killing them all. Lets move on already'
p43
aS'this is the best war movie i have ever seen. and i wathced a lot of them \nand i am a medium historian and ww2 is my profession. i highly recommend it'
p44
aS' Best movie ever! :)'
p45
aS'the battle scenes in band of brothers are a bit more realistic  '
p46
aS"One of the guys looks so much like Jake Gyllenhaal but his name isn't \nincluded.  It would be great if he's in this even in a small role."
p47
aS'i have feel that this movie is kinda a little bit lame and boring... i \nthink..'
p48
aS'would watch, but only because of Tiger 131'
p49
aS'I hated End of Watch.'
p50
aS"The 'last job I've ever had' part is powerful"
p51
aS"It's not going to end well"
p52
aS"When Poseidon's son is on your side.....\nfear nothing"
p53
aS'lame ass propaganda bullshit movie...definitely not an Oliver Stone movie.'
p54
aS'World of Tanks brought me here.'
p55
aS'I came here because of the world of tanks promo'
p56
aS'Fury Official Trailer (2014) - Brad Pitt, Shia La: \nhttp://youtu.be/DNHuK1rteF4'
p57
aS'it looks like another war movie to me :/'
p58
aS'i swear that little shit logan lerman better not be oscar nominated for \nthis'
p59
aS"Ain't no way a Sherman can take on a Tiger 1 on 1. Can't be done. "
p60
aS'panzerfaust !'
p61
aS'Shia LaBeouf is a cock......not sure If i can watch this film'
p62
aS'When did Brad Pitt develop this weird WWII fetish?'
p63
aS'Looks like Shia is still pretty famous.....'
p64
aS"An I the only one who thinks that the Shermans desperately needed bigger \nguns? Seriously I've heard stories where they peppered tiger tanks at close \nrange only to get blasted apart in one shot!"
p65
aS'what theater is this?'
p66
aS'you have it white,ok,I guess World in the those days like when I was J** \nuhm with Cosak my Pops,I saved you some black "Walls" Chubby Chase you know \nhow you put.'
p67
aS'Alternative history, .... sorry still no Captain America.'
p68
aS"don't like Brad Pitts hairstyle.. it looks to modern imo"
p69
aS'Um,shia la beouf.....'
p70
aS'Before they both fight zombie and alien robot...they both fight german... '
p71
aS'GO NAZI GERMANY!'
p72
aS'more WW2 shit....'
p73
aS'Is there any German movie which shows their victories on certain fronts. \nin..WW 2..!!\ncause I am bored with Allied side ..!!!'
p74
aS'Love to see Tiger I vs USA Sherman'
p75
aS'Before they both fight zombie and alien robot...they both fight german... '
p76
aS"I started this war killing Germans in Inglourious Basterds, now I'm killing \nGermans in the Fury..!!! :P"
p77
aS'Sherman couldnt take on Panther nor german tiger'
p78
aS'Shane'
p79
aS'BATTLE CITY: THE MOVIE'
p80
aS"I can't wait man! It will be awesome. I am very exciting!"
p81
aS"Looks great and I probably will enjoy the hell out of this movie but if \nthey just blast away tiger tanks like nothing it'll annoy the hell out of \nme."
p82
aS'germany won the ....?'
p83
aS'yeah and i saw T28/Prot there :) sounds sweet :)'
p84
aS"Metal, Grit, and Brad Pitt... Now that's what I'm talking about!..."
p85
aS'Pitt is a trash actor. This movie is pure bull shit.'
p86
aS''
p87
aS"who's here bcause of world of tanks???"
p88
aS'movies to watch'
p89
aS'They should had used hellcats instead of shermans in the movie  \nshermans where coffin boxs, six shermans to take out one tiger!!!\n\nHere we go again with the USA \n\nI just wish they would be real and show the bad soldiering of there troops \n!!!'
p90
aS'propaganda for war'
p91
aS'Well, well, well! A Brad Pitt movie I actually might like ... \n\nAnd it has tanks!'
p92
a.