(lp0
S'Sale hermosa sofia'
p1
aS"John Turturro is a great actor shame he's never really gotten big, it would \nbe great to see him play a villain again instead of doing remakes of Deuce \nBigalow"
p2
aS'Wonderful movie!'
p3
aS"Isn't that pedo dead yet. Jeez."
p4
aS"all of woody allen's films are great ! we're lucky to have him on our Era !"
p5
aS'Who sings Just a Gigolo?'
p6
aS'Woody Allen is a Pimp now....!!'
p7
aS'When a man hore around is romantic when a woman do it it becomes .... \n(complete the comment) '
p8
aS'This looks good , I love John Turturro!!!'
p9
aS'This looks horribly contrived.'
p10
aS'Fantastic movie!'
p11
aS'so realistic... NOT!'
p12
aS'Gotan Project '
p13
aS'wOw in finally I found my future job ,, \nFu** you University  xxx'
p14
aS"I didn't bother to watch the trailer, so correct me if I'm wrong, but Woody \nAllen has deteriorated into nothing but a fad, putting Sofia Vergara in \nhere only follows his typical pattern of putting who's hot for all of 15 \nminutes that season...sorry but I'm uninterested in seeing an old man's \nfantasy with the same old outcome...why is he still praised?"
p15
aS'Fading Gigolo (2014)\n 90 min  -  Comedy  -  Rated R\nRatings: 6.3/10 from 4,391 users   Metascore: 58/100 \n\nFioravante decides to become a professional Don Juan as a way of making \nmoney to help his cash-strapped friend, Murray. With Murray acting as his \n"manager", the duo quickly finds themselves caught up in the crosscurrents \nof love and money.\n\nDirector: John Turturro\nWriter: John Turturro\nStars: John Turturro, Jill Scott, Sharon Stone '
p16
aS'Just saw this trailer, can hardly wait for this Woody Allen pixie dust!'
p17
aS'Im just actually gonna watch this because of Sofia Vergara.'
p18
aS'John Turturro escribe, dirige y protagoniza #casiungigol.  A pesar de sus \ndefectos, como lo cansada que puede llegar a ser, cuenta con un gran elenco \ny un gran sentido del humor, esto se debe un poco a la participacin de \nWoody Allen. '
p19
aS"This is the first time I actually understood every word that came out of \nSofia Vergara's mouth. Going have to see this movie now."
p20
aS'2:08. Damn. There are worse things to find when you open your door than \nthat.'
p21
aS'JOHN TURTURRO FUCKS BEAUTIFUL ACTRESSES. WRITTEN AND DIRECTED BY JOHN \nTURTURRO'
p22
aS'what is the meaning of "manage" ?'
p23
aS'It looks interesting love Sofia'
p24
aS'lol'
p25
aS'this trailers editing sucked right from the beginning'
p26
aS'Sofia is just HNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH'
p27
aS"I think I finally found my life's calling"
p28
aS'Looks very clever. A good movie for a change.'
p29
aS"that's one ugly dude"
p30
aS'Looks great!!!'
p31
aS'Johnny Depps ex ???'
p32
aS'watch the original TV series HUNG , which is far better than this :) '
p33
aS'woody allen fading pedolo'
p34
aS'I need to know the names of the songs and the interpreters, it is what I \nmost like of this movie. '
p35
aS'hmmm k....'
p36
aS'no es difcil imaginar que clase de pelcula plantea un judo cretino quien \nen cada uno de sus filmes busca enmendar una vida llena de \nporno-chistes-mercantilistas y las  aberrantes posturas propias de su raza, \nSofia Verga una puta mas, decadencia femenina propia de un territorio \nhermoso de Amrica Latina pero lleno de putos'
p37
aS'La esperamos!'
p38
aS"A Hasidic Sabertooth LOL This movie looks smart...I thought it was written \n& directed by Woody; wasn't expecting John's name to come up!"
p39
aS'name if the song?'
p40
aS"I think I'm gonna love this movie "
p41
aS'I always love any film John Turturro is in, but it seems his writing, \ndirection and the general production design are an "homage" to Woody Allen. \nNot exactly a parody, more like parroty... LOL. Will I go to see this at \nthe cinema? Absolutely!'
p42
aS'Look at how quiet everyone is in the comments, if this was about a hooker \nthen all the feminists would go crazy.'
p43
aS"Fading Gigolo is just entertainment and completely unrealistic. Just like \nall Hollywood Gigolo movies. Yes.. the classic Gigolo image sells LOL but I \nwon't bother watching nonsense. The only realistic aspect are the good \nlooking female clients. Woody Allen, Sharon Stone, Sofia Vergara, nice try \n:-)"
p44
aS'Oh I need to watch this movie, I love Woodie, Sofia and Sharon Stone... all \nacting together means trouble!'
p45
aS'Sofia Vergara looks super young on this film and more sexy then ever.'
p46
aS'I really enjoyed this film at +TIFF . In fact it may have been my favorite \nat #tiff2013 #utf'
p47
aS'If you had the money you would do it to'
p48
aS'need to see this movie'
p49
aS'Muy al estilo de Woody Allen y con Woody Allen, suena bien..'
p50
aS"the cinematography of this looks so impressive - main reason I wanna see it \n:')"
p51
aS'When has a Attractive woman ever have to pay for sex? :/'
p52
aS'...why would these women have to pay for sex?'
p53
aS'people are just gonna watch it for sofia vergarra'
p54
aS'No'
p55
aS'Woody Allen no thanks... pedo bear approved movie however '
p56
aS"Becoming a professional Don Juan to save your friend? Woody Allen's \nupcoming movie 'Fading Gigolo' #Trailer 1 is out!"
p57
aS'Dan be the best you can ---- Hell Yea !'
p58
aS'Catch Lexington Candy Shop in John Turturro\'s "Fading Gigolo"!!!'
p59
aS'wich one of these chosen people you wanna play with? WHAT IS THIS NAZISM? \nwoody allen the paedophile RICH CUNT KIKE who buy himself from JUSTICE. \nMURICAH pieceo of shit country run by the "CHOSEN" peoples money!! \nDISGUSTING movie, boycott!'
p60
aS'How did he become a Gigolo in the first place? So ugly!'
p61
aS'Sofa Vergara'
p62
aS'This looks.... sounds.... promising definitely looking forward to see it!'
p63
aS'Seems like Patrick Dempsy in Loverboy'
p64
aS'I love Sofia Vergara'
p65
aS'hahaha'
p66
aS'What is this song'
p67
aS'why is woody allen in this movie, does the director saved his life or \nsomething'
p68
aS'I usually dont like any new movies but this one got me wanting to see it'
p69
aS'I LOVE JOHN TURTURRO!'
p70
aS"From this trailer it appears that Sophia accent, isn't really as thick as \nshe makes it out to be. "
p71
aS'So basically this is about a male prostitute'
p72
aS'It looks good John Turturro. You got the legendary woody allen and \nbeautiful actresses. Its going to be a good movie. '
p73
aS'Fading Gigolo - Trailer #woodyallen   #movietrailers  '
p74
aS'So Deuce Bigalow for the over 50 crowd.'
p75
aS'sofia is hot'
p76
aS'gotta see this one.'
p77
aS'Nice job'
p78
aS"Ugh Sofia Vergara so sick of her. She can't act! This might be good if \nPenelope Cruz played her part but not with Sofia."
p79
aS'Looks great. But Sharon Stone only took the part to show off another $50K \nworth of plastic surgery and personal digital reconstruction.'
p80
aS"Woody a germs phobic Jew who'd of guessed. Typical Jew style in the trailer \nwith the kids he says now which of you people are the chosen one.\nI know the ..Jew....the war mongering people."
p81
aS'song?'
p82
aS'A real woody Allen movie kids Jews and sex cunt should have went to jail \nfor the shit he did but cuz his Jew he got off.'
p83
aS'Sofia Vergara ...'
p84
aS'i saw duece bigelow already...'
p85
aS"OK, this is weird. I'm not really sure what I expected."
p86
aS'lol'
p87
aS'Sofia and Jessica!? sjdfsajhdahs'
p88
aS'dammm sofia vergara so sexy colombiaaa papa !!'
p89
aS'Woody Allen ruins its....'
p90
aS'Looks hilarious and has beautiful women in it. DEFO WATCH!'
p91
aS'sabertooth is a jewish cop'
p92
aS'Filme de gigol sem ser comdia...'
p93
a.