(lp0
S"One thing I didn't get for those who saw the movie:\nThe little girl at the beginning that Will gave 5 min to. She had time on \nher hand. But half way into the movie, it says your time clock doesn't \nstart until you hit 25. Then your time is the rest of your life. So how did \nthat little girl get time if her time clock hasn't started? She couldn't be \nmore than 10 years old."
p1
aS"Humans.. you don't understand the concept of the movie. What happened in \nthe movie, will happen in our real life. After the mark of the beast. They \nwere sending us clues since long time ago through entertainment, music, \nmovies. Shame, people don't see it. "
p2
aS"I love dystopian films.  I'm still waiting for a movie where everyone is \nplugged into GOOGLE (everyone has an avatar/profile) and 99% of activities \nare simply online interaction.  Very creepy stuff like that."
p3
aS'I watched this on d bus. The cinematography is just like the movie \n"Gattaca".    B-)'
p4
aS'I cant believe justin timberlake is in this movie\nWhich is a hit'
p5
aS'Another iluminati movie pushing the New World Order Agenda, micro chips, \ndepopulation, nihilism etc etc.'
p6
aS'1:20 Got Danm,  his mom is hot. '
p7
aS'Best metaphor to our reality since the Matrix'
p8
aS"it's not that far off the mark, poor people age quicker and die sooner for \nlack of good health care and a life of hard work.  don't dismiss what you \nsee right in front of you, it's called reality"
p9
aS'tare nu radu'
p10
aS'I know this is an old movie, but I still want to see it. What is it rated, \nand any reviews?'
p11
aS'I loved this movie because Amanda Seyfried is hot as hell.'
p12
aS'ILLUMINATI PUPPET .. loser !!! GAY DISNEY loser !!!\nand THIS IS GUNA BE REAL !!!! when the ILLUMINATI want to put chips in our \nhands with BANK CREDIT and  THIS IS REALLY GUNA HAPPEN !!!!\nIm guna crack the IMPLANT CHIP CODE !!!!\nand give the money to everyone !'
p13
aS'so its basically robin hood only with time'
p14
aS'if this was real life it would be insane. its just like killing poor people \nfor not having money to buy their lives??? seems like a cool movie though'
p15
aS"It's a decent movie. Not the best, not the worst either. The concept is \ngreat, even if, allegedly, they stole it from a sci fi writer from the 60s. \nAnywho, it had a noir type of feel. I can't put my finger on it, but I \nthink if it were executed better, the movie could have been a lot better. 6 \nout 10. "
p16
aS'This was a stupid movie.'
p17
aS'Can anyone tell me about the song that plays when they are robbing the \nbanks, the car hijacking scene and the closing scene of the movie?? Ive \nbeen trying to find it since forever. Great movie.'
p18
aS'good movie'
p19
aS'Time is money for those of us who are the living poor, we trade minutes of \nour lives every day for money, because when you have more time than money, \nyou use what you have to get what you need in life!-Michael E. McKinzy, \nSr.-10-26-2014'
p20
aS"I think the idea this movie is based on is excellent, and the movie could \nbe better. It's good though. I just expect more than that."
p21
aS'I love the movie'
p22
aS'I love the movie'
p23
aS'Great movie, reccomend'
p24
aS'What if your arm was cut off'
p25
aS'strange idea'
p26
aS'Lennard Hofstatter!!!!!'
p27
aS'I have 2 minutes and 27 seconds left and I am spending it watching this \ntrailer one last time. :P'
p28
aS"owemji! There's Lenard! 1:17"
p29
aS'1:18 Leonard?? :P'
p30
aS'Robbing banks with 2 pistols, okay.'
p31
aS"Press the 'delete' button on ageing and press the 'enter' button on time."
p32
aS'its a really good movie'
p33
aS'GREAT MOVIE.ILIKE IT VERY MUCH.'
p34
aS'great film havent seen it yet but jdef from the trailer def worth seeing \nwill check it out ;)'
p35
aS'Love JT.'
p36
aS'I GOT BORED.'
p37
aS'Super-great movie. One of a kind.'
p38
aS'A probable remake of the 1976 movie " Logans Run" with Farrah Fawcett. when \nyou hit 30 you have to die from running out of time.'
p39
aS'Wonderful movie!'
p40
aS"Movies like this are actually prepping the world for what's to come..."
p41
aS'I was looking for the new movie called About Time with Rachel McAdams in \nit, was watching this until I realized it was nothing my friend told me \nabout. Always watch the trailer first. ALWAYS.'
p42
aS'I just kind of think they ruined the whole idea .. '
p43
aS'I saw this at school'
p44
aS'just saw this movie on tv. Ya Justin should really stop acting. He sucks at \nit.'
p45
aS"I'm friends with Shyloh Oostwald. :D"
p46
aS'My best friends friend comes out in that movie her name is zuleyka silver.'
p47
aS'In time! \n  ...  !\n  !'
p48
aS'I love this movie and the girl is really pretty '
p49
aS'like!'
p50
aS'My best friends friend comes out in that movie her name is zuleyka silver.'
p51
aS'I cant believe i found this ive been looking for this film for a while'
p52
aS'Was next...?'
p53
aS'pls anyone what is the name of the song that started at 1:42? plssss'
p54
aS'J.T needs to stick to the music .....sorry, but that boy cannot act ! Movie \nwas " Okay"'
p55
aS"I dont think it was the singular point of the movie makers and everyone \ninvolved with this film, but it most definitely was the point for \nTimberlake. He's trying to launch an acting career. Is it that hard to \nunderstand? .... you dope"
p56
aS'1:17 Leonard?'
p57
aS'best of movies 2013'
p58
aS'wrong'
p59
aS'Aaaand off to the next trailer'
p60
aS'freemasion concept'
p61
aS"The basic idea of this movie is very good, but the end isn't too fair. And \nthe movie itself contains a lots of very big mistakes."
p62
aS'I have no time to watch the trailer -.- ... ==0000:0000:0000:10='
p63
aS'In MEGASHARE.INFO'
p64
aS'Hate when trailers actually spoil the movie'
p65
aS'I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS MOVIE.'
p66
aS'just search watch movies in google and look around seriously its as simple \nas that'
p67
aS"Right. The wealthy have never respected or valued the time of the rest of \nus; the different pay scale reveals that. Most average people are more \ntalented and intelligent than those who control their lives through wealth. \nThe wealthy are good only in extracting everyone's productivity for the \nleast they can get away with paying and they spend all their waking moments \nscheming to extract even more out of those who do everything for them [From \ntheir maids to top engineers and scientists].All slaves"
p68
aS"The song in the trailer it's brilliant it's called Destiny by syntax"
p69
aS'i want to watch this so bad'
p70
aS"Right. The wealthy have never respected or valued the time of the rest of \nus; the different pay scale reveals that. Most average people are more \ntalented and intelligent than those who control their lives through wealth. \nThe wealthy are good only in extracting everyone's productivity for the \nleast they can get away with paying and they spend all their waking moments \nscheming to extract even more out of those who do everything for them [From \ntheir maids to top engineers and scientists].All slaves"
p71
aS"The song in the trailer it's brilliant it's called Destiny by syntax"
p72
aS'i want to watch this so bad'
p73
aS'Well worth watching, highly recommended. '
p74
aS"It's simply against their views."
p75
aS"you're a fucking idiot."
p76
aS"this movie wasn't that bad. it could've been better, though. But i know one \nthing, I LOVE JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE AND CILLIAN MURPHY!!!! <333 anywho, how's \nit going? xD"
p77
aS'There must be a hack for this one '
p78
aS'star movies '
p79
aS"People complaining about the rich lol stop watching YouTube and go work \nyour ass off and don't spend it on stupid stuff so you can live the moment. \nRich get richer poor get poorer, l2savemoney."
p80
aS"*FWOOOSH* That's the sound effect of you missing the point completely."
p81
aS"if you think the point of this movie was to make justin timberlake a star \nyou're a fucking idiot. "
p82
aS'so I saved his life? hahahaha :D'
p83
aS'The problem with this movie is that I cant help rooting for the Time Keeper \nrather than the good guys, because he is Cillian Murphy and therefore \nAMAZING! '
p84
aS'so watching this movie'
p85
aS'vodly.to'
p86
aS'i so love amanda'
p87
aS'Why?'
p88
aS'Thanks for posting this! It says it all! Excellent movie! Justine \nTimberlake is beginning to establish himself as a good actor!'
p89
aS'Does someone know who is the actor who plays the blond guy with the Keeper \nof Time? '
p90
aS'Justin Timberlake playing Robin Hood of the future'
p91
aS'Thoufht that was emna stone'
p92
aS'cima4u.com '
p93
aS"He's 32 but still so hot ! :D"
p94
a.