(lp0
S"ellen's super hot :)"
p1
aS'cute but stupid, aka aaaa duh!'
p2
aS'And then James gunn made guardians of the galaxy... The end'
p3
aS"Ellen Page's rapes someone in this film, still is seen as cute. Don't have \nto look far to see why nobody seems to bristle at the concept of men's \nrights."
p4
aS"I feel like I'm watching a spoof of Kick ass..."
p5
aS"YOU DON'T BUT IN!"
p6
aS'fuking love this film'
p7
aS'this movie is so underrated. but its also incredibly fucked up and dark.'
p8
aS'Kick Ass movie should of had him Cameo in it. Btw this movie has a sad \nending :('
p9
aS'I feel in love with this movie, its a dark comedy and so heart touching \nthat I almost cried at the end. And yes i love the back ground music as \nwell, it will make you fall in love with the lead.\nI always thought James Gunn is an excellent director he should be a given a \nchance. Now look what he did with GOG.'
p10
aS"Kick Ass without the Hit-Girl, I'll pass."
p11
aS"Honestly, when has Rainn Wilson ever been a good lead? He was born to play \nweird peripheral characters. I don't wanna like him or root for him, I just \nwant to be creeped out and vaguely offended by him. So basically this is a \ngrown, tired ass, slightly pathetic, less funny version of Kick Ass. "
p12
aS"This movie was pretty good, and def didn't turn out like I expected."
p13
aS"Where do I get this movie? I can't find it anywhere."
p14
aS"It's not really a comedy.  By the time the movie's over I think it's a lot \nsadder than you would think based on this trailer."
p15
aS'Someone know the name of the second song? the first song is: Two perfect \nmoments... please someone tell me the second song, thank you!'
p16
aS'How is this movie so underrated? This is movie realism.'
p17
aS'Holy crap, the ending depressed me a little.'
p18
aS'this come out before Kick Ass'
p19
aS"Not a fan of the trailer, but the movie's good :)"
p20
aS"All hail The Crimson Bolt and Creeping Bam! Or, if you prefer, Dwight from \nThe Office and Juno. Either way, it's an awesome flick from IFC Film. \nAlways on, a little off."
p21
aS'Sounds not kick-ass at all to me.'
p22
aS'Meh, this film was only ok, but Ellen Page makes everything better for me \n:)'
p23
aS"Ellen was upset she didn't get to play in Kick-Ass? sad..."
p24
aS'a story of a guy that watched Kick-ass and decided to do the same to save \nhis wife'
p25
aS'Iba con la intencin de ver a Ellen Page y es que tambin sale Nathan \nFillion, joder, qu genial! '
p26
aS'Seriously people kick ass is awesome.This movie is awesome too. End of the \nstory '
p27
aS'this movie is fucking weird.'
p28
aS'kick ass done right'
p29
aS'Yes you can compare it to KickAss but Super and Kick Ass were made around \nthe same time but Super was released first. I would say Super is away more \ngory that Kick Ass but not as violent. I think I like Super a tad more tho.'
p30
aS'Ellen...'
p31
aS'gay'
p32
aS'KEVIN BACON! THE BACONATOR'
p33
aS"This movie is bullshit. It is also brilliant. It's bullshit because it \nkills the best character in the dumbest way imaginable. It's brilliant \nbecause it kills the best character in the dumbest way imaginable."
p34
aS'This movie is like a mix of Kick ass and Bobcat Goldthwait humor.'
p35
aS'This movie is one of the funniest, weirdest, fucked up, surprising, \nWTF-moment laced type of movie...I would definitely recommend this to \neveryone who likes movies about REALITY vs FANTASY.'
p36
aS'Ellen page dies in this '
p37
aS"I love this movie, it's so funny and Ellen page is so cute and suites this \ntype of movie perfectly, (spoiler alert) it's kinda sad in the end :("
p38
aS'Wonderful film, introduced me to James Gunn and is a helluva lot of fun!'
p39
aS'Kick Ass?'
p40
aS'Honestly? This is a better movie than Kick-Ass. It actually handles the "If \nSuperheroes were real" premise much better and it can balance the disparate \nmoods and tones this kind of thing requires better.'
p41
aS'Favorite line: "SHUT UP CRIME!"'
p42
aS'Why do people think Kick Ass is so good?\n\nITS SO UNREALISTIC, yay "normal person becoming a super hero" except that \nperson\'s dad is some batman hitman kinda thing and secretly a martial arts \nexpert.. so lame. SUPER IS BETTER.'
p43
aS'this movie is fucked up '
p44
aS'IS THAT LITTLE BOY IN EVERY MOVIE???'
p45
aS'Ellen Page. Now I gotta see the movie'
p46
aS'ellen died'
p47
aS"It's a fascinating and compelling character study. Both Frank and Libby are \ntotally endearing, despite being varying levels of crazy. The film succeeds \nin making you like morally gray characters. It's complex, and it \nintertwines feelings, making you laugh one second and giving you chills the \nnext. You question what the characters are doing, yet retaining their \nlikability. it's hilarious, tragic, suspenseful, and bittersweet."
p48
aS'Fake and gay!'
p49
aS"So basically kick ass? ... The only reason I would watch this is because \nEllen's in this"
p50
aS'At the beginning of the movie it was so enjoyable and funny then soon \nbecomes dark and disturbing. '
p51
aS"Super - Official Trailer [HD]\n\nI just borrowed this movie from the library, and I came away really \nenjoying everything about it. Well, Ellen Page can be a tad grating at \ntimes, but Rainn Wilson is really at the top of his game as Frank Darbo, \nthe middle aged dork, whose marital issues lead him to shove justice into \nthe face of jerks everywhere, as the Crimson Bolt. Contrary to what many \nmay believe, this is not a ripoff of the 'Kick Ass' series, and if \nanything, it far surpasses anything from that Disney-fied franchise."
p52
aS"another kick ass movies?? huh??? seriously?? can't be more original??"
p53
aS'This is a fucking great film, I watched it not knowing anything about it \nexcept that it was a superhero film.\nI love the butting in line scene.'
p54
aS'*Was Ellen Page a voice actress in Beyond Two Souls?*'
p55
aS'Good movie. Way better than that KissAss 2 rubbish. Ugh.'
p56
aS"... How come I've never seen this movie?"
p57
aS'dwight'
p58
aS'jack ass..'
p59
aS'simplemente quieren copiarle a kick-ass pero ninguna pelicula de este tipo \nle ganara a kick-ass'
p60
aS"Really good movie, but its a LOT darker than the trailer makes it seem. It \nblends many genre's too, and is quite serious at times, but if you can take \nstrong violence, and are open to this type of quirkyness, its a wild ride! \nAnd a great look at a pretty crazy antihero."
p61
aS'ellen page is now officially my favorite actor of all time'
p62
aS'1:45 oh the feels....'
p63
aS'Kick-Ass that gone wrong...'
p64
aS'kick-ass pardoy?'
p65
aS"didn't know this movie was old. shit I'm late! def wanna watch!"
p66
aS'DaMN ITS JUNO...AGAIN '
p67
aS'unlike typical Hollywood predictable story movie plot like kickass..,  this \nmovie got great twist!'
p68
aS"I'm here because of Guardians of the Galaxy!"
p69
aS"i watched the half of this trailer, because I didn't want to spoil anything \nand it seemed realistic and good so I wanted to watch it, and then when I \nfucking did, all the superheroshitfuck showed up, jesus. "
p70
aS'dwight'
p71
aS'Kick-ass? I really honestly look the same two losers that became \nsuperhroes and two sexy girls which beging to be there friend and fight \nthe crime together but big daddy? this movies looks cool but thinking are a \nlot of similarities.'
p72
aS'What a fucking weird movie.. I love it!!'
p73
aS'Awesome movie ... BOLTY! '
p74
aS'This Trailer doesnt represent the real Quality of this movie.'
p75
aS'I feel a mix of Kick-Ass and God Bless America. Interesting...'
p76
aS'It really gets me.'
p77
aS'SUPER >>>>> TDK'
p78
aS'shit movie ugh '
p79
aS'The best part of the film is when he goes; "Face the wrath of The Crimson \nBolt."  Then runs away.'
p80
aS'Waaaaaaaaaaack'
p81
aS'for anyone wondering- this movie is 1000x darker than the trailer makes it \nseem. '
p82
aS'Its sad and funny lol but Ellen Page <3'
p83
aS'great movie :-) ellen as always Super preformence !'
p84
aS'This was a good movie, but this is a very very misleading trailer.'
p85
aS'this is just a more violent version of "God Bless America"'
p86
aS'dis is WTF!!!'
p87
aS'GAY'
p88
aS'Trust me guys, as awesome as Kick-Ass is, this movie is much better. '
p89
aS'Also; fantastic movie (definitely better than Kick-Ass which I also liked)'
p90
aS"sadly, one of the worst films i've seen. a very limited 'indie' indeed."
p91
aS'ELLEN!!!!'
p92
aS"I stopped liking this movie after they killed a specific character you know \nwho I'm talking about why they have to do that"
p93
aS'This trailer completely leaves out how fucking strange this movie gets.'
p94
aS'This is a great movie :)  '
p95
aS':)'
p96
aS'nathan in it omg watchin it now'
p97
a.