(lp0
S"I've watched the movie first before the trailer and I could say that the \nmovie is good"
p1
aS''
p2
aS"honestly if i saw the trailer before i watched the movie i wouldn't have \nwatched it, the trailer is horrible but the movie was great."
p3
aS'The little kid followed me on Twitter tonight (:'
p4
aS'the closest  sci fi  kid starring adventure film  this generation has to \nspeilbergs ET.'
p5
aS'this is what a movie trailer should be.'
p6
aS'Yeah.'
p7
aS'Paul is back and hes pissed!! '
p8
aS'The little kid followed me on twitter !!!'
p9
aS"what are they ? why won't they let us see them? is it because they want to \nsurprise us when the movie comes out? or is it because he movie is shitty \nand the bad guys are invisible or won't show up at all?"
p10
aS'one of the boys is in titanium the music video plays one of the boys lol'
p11
aS'wouuw WTF this trailer is tha Boomb !!! ;)'
p12
aS'nice next reviews '
p13
aS'This movie quickly escalated from captivating and creepy in the best of \nways directly to a cheesier episode of Doctor Who. Still good though. '
p14
aS' i am really eager to watch this movieb'
p15
aS'soundtrack in this movie is perfect!i love it. thanks for stream upload on \nSTREAMDREAM. TK where you can see this movie online without downloading'
p16
aS'This movie is just plan AWESOME!'
p17
aS'i only searched this up because of film riot'
p18
aS'Steven Spielberg & J.J Abrams ....so what do u expect XD '
p19
aS'The music in the background at the beginning is Cocoon theme by James Horner'
p20
aS'yea I know, I guess the past lets us know that our present is not so much \nlike we wish for'
p21
aS'@didikaramba wut'
p22
aS'@luiswega I have to admit your kinda right, but I thought that the ending \nwas rushed too quickly.'
p23
aS'Plain you mean?'
p24
aS'i watched this last night'
p25
aS'Steven Spielberg & J.J Abrams ....so what do u expect XD '
p26
aS'The music in the background at the beginning is Cocoon theme by James Horner'
p27
aS'yea I know, I guess the past lets us know that our present is not so much \nlike we wish for'
p28
aS'@didikaramba wut'
p29
aS'@luiswega I have to admit your kinda right, but I thought that the ending \nwas rushed too quickly.'
p30
aS'Plain you mean?'
p31
aS'i watched this last night'
p32
aS'Great movie! Why download when you can see it online? (adf. ly/FUeKg ) \nenjoy!!!'
p33
aS'anything to do with Valve?? or Portal?? i came here from Portal 2'
p34
aS'Its not on netflix i cant find i sooo wanna see this movie getting it for \nxmas;);)'
p35
aS'Really good movie, the train wreck scene was cool and the alien looked \ncreepy'
p36
aS"This Parasite is still alive XD ''Myself''"
p37
aS'again you save the day, movie available at MOVIESRCOOL. TK really works.'
p38
aS'thanks a lot my friend, i found this one online on ALLNEWSTREAMS . TK'
p39
aS'@orallaskuhp SHUT UP LOSER'
p40
aS'That movie was da best!!!'
p41
aS'1:42 best part ......'
p42
aS'THIS MOVIE WAS AWSOME... so many haters these days -__- cant wait till it \ncomes out on dvd'
p43
aS"It's the same music from Cocoon!"
p44
aS'me encanto la pelicula'
p45
aS'Trailer two gives me info on the whole movie.Trailer one has a car smash \ninto a train -__- '
p46
aS'and he didnt forget what we didt to him last time, thats why it goes a bit \nrough, i guess, but soon i will know xD'
p47
aS'Saw This . REALLY Good Movie . Highly Recommend It . <3 '
p48
aS'it was a awsome movie... i want 2 seen this movieee...'
p49
aS'it was a awsome movie... i want 2 seen this movieee...'
p50
aS'what does the beast or alien look like?'
p51
aS'i like the extra in the end of the movie :D'
p52
aS'Joel is following me on twitter :)'
p53
aS'this is really nice movie'
p54
aS"As we haven't heard about an american town being visited by an escaped \nalien in the 80s, I guess they all did get killed by the military in the \nend, after the spaceship left. Either that or maybe Agent K of the MIP \nbrainwiped them all with a really big flash thingy. And don't tell me it's \njust a movie... they had this on the X files documentaries, too you know."
p55
aS"Meh, kid actors aren't always bad thing in a movie. IT and the Gooney's for \nexample. also Stand By Me. But apparently the best ones just happen to be \nStephen King Movies so who knows maybe maybe not. "
p56
aS'i loved this movie but hate this trailer. '
p57
aS'sounds interesting '
p58
aS'portal 2... :D'
p59
aS'check my channel for the full movie of it!'
p60
aS' this is bullshit!!!!!!!! where are the aliens!?? if they show nothing , \nthey are playing with our minds!!!. i saw nothing in this trailer? fuck off \nthis movie sucks!!'
p61
aS'Joel Courtney follows me on Twitter! OH YEAH!'
p62
aS'awesome movie good job J.J.!'
p63
aS'This movie KICKED ASS!!!'
p64
aS'i love joel courtney'
p65
aS'Worst film of all time.'
p66
aS'if you are still looking where to see this one, try online on boorek . c o \nm, they have all new movies'
p67
aS"He follows me too but I didn't even know who he was until I looked him up"
p68
aS'@Skyrodude Are u kidding me ... you dont know what is a good movie this \nmovie was made as it is directly the scene was made to bee seen that u \nreconize that this is a movie scene! Graphics was awesome, it is a special \nmovie it kind a brings you back to the 90s when movies was fun to watch. \nNot the Best ! but Great Film'
p69
aS'ok this trailer is soo much better than the other one. lol. is it in 3-d? '
p70
aS"I think I'm dating kyle chandler"
p71
aS"If we were in the 1970s or 80s I would think it's a Steven Spielberg's \nmovie."
p72
aS"@ScyL0n would you actually try the movie? It's a suspense movie. I saw it \nand it was great! I rate it 4 stars. At the end you see the alien. thats \nsuspense for ya."
p73
aS'i love joel courtney'
p74
aS'Worst film of all time.'
p75
aS'if you are still looking where to see this one, try online on boorek . c o \nm, they have all new movies'
p76
aS"He follows me too but I didn't even know who he was until I looked him up"
p77
aS'@Skyrodude Are u kidding me ... you dont know what is a good movie this \nmovie was made as it is directly the scene was made to bee seen that u \nreconize that this is a movie scene! Graphics was awesome, it is a special \nmovie it kind a brings you back to the 90s when movies was fun to watch. \nNot the Best ! but Great Film'
p78
aS'ok this trailer is soo much better than the other one. lol. is it in 3-d? '
p79
aS"I think I'm dating kyle chandler"
p80
aS"If we were in the 1970s or 80s I would think it's a Steven Spielberg's \nmovie."
p81
aS"@ScyL0n would you actually try the movie? It's a suspense movie. I saw it \nand it was great! I rate it 4 stars. At the end you see the alien. thats \nsuspense for ya."
p82
aS'the song titainium is featured with one of the boys from super 8 can guess \nwho it is '
p83
aS'1:41 Look at that cake'
p84
aS'@doubleAAbatteries687 Thank you!'
p85
aS'@Chertuio yah me to like a bossaroo'
p86
aS"It was one of the best movies i've ever seen and believe me i've seen a \nlot!!!!! "
p87
aS'@Chertuio who cares, nerd.'
p88
aS'Joel Courtney is so cute! :) x'
p89
aS'Looks lame -_-'
p90
aS'Major Blockbuster of this summer by Spielberg.'
p91
aS"I actually kind of can't wait, it looks interesting. But sadly I thought \nit'd be a prequel or sequel for Cloverfield :("
p92
aS'Guys i watched this movie i extremly recomend you to watch this movie and \nbuy the way its mint youl get what mint means when you watch it 100% awsome'
p93
aS"I saw the movie yesterday, in my opinion it takes movies such as \nCloverfield and takes it in a new direction, put it in the perspective of \nkids and have different disasters occur throughout the town, not as big as \nthe statue of liberty, but when its a small town, its pretty catastrophic. \nThere are some very high points and there are parts that are downright \nhilarious, which isn't bad. My advice: Check it out whenever you can, I \ngive it a 9/10 "
p94
aS"i just knew Joel awhile ago 'cause he followed me on twitter... But i \nreally don't know him that's why i checked this out..."
p95
aS'why did the car go onto the track?'
p96
aS"for all the people that don't know, cloverfield 2 is coming out next year..."
p97
a.