(lp0
S'muy buena pelicula, me gusto igual o mas que la primera, la tercera fue una \nmierda total, espero que la cuarta no sea tan mala'
p1
aS'Can you watch this movie without having seen the first rec? '
p2
aS'excelente pelicula!!!'
p3
aS'This movie should name \'Virus Apocalypse"'
p4
aS'Shit I Gave Fear'
p5
aS'One question... Could they extract the blood from tristana after angela \nshoot her in the head? '
p6
aS'PLZ STOP MAKING ZOMBIE MOVIES!'
p7
aS'What happened to the two children? '
p8
aS'es espaola is spain'
p9
aS'Allahu Akbar'
p10
aS'Even worst then the 1st... -_-'
p11
aS'HIT ME UP ON MY MYSPACE YO MY NIGGA'
p12
aS'OBRA MAESTRA'
p13
aS'Tengo que admitir que esta es una de las mejores peliculas que he visto \nhasta ahora, pero es demasiado paranormal el giro que le dan a toda la \nhistoria la verdad la primera vez que la vi tenia 13 :3 y me dio mucho \nmiedo ya que tenia mucho el tema paranormal y eso es lo que hace que la \npelicula sea diferente a todas las demas es algo unico pero a la vez te da \nmucho miedito :3'
p14
aS'a 220 productores de "quarentine" no les gusto el video xD'
p15
aS'Shrec'
p16
aS'Is this a zombie or paranormal movie ? :'
p17
aS'NO'
p18
aS"IT'S JUST LIKE RESIDENT EVIL MANSION INCIDENTS. "
p19
aS'But i saw this movie and i can sleep but the first part thats a schocker'
p20
aS'WOW THIS IS A SHITTY TRAILER!!!\ncool movie though..'
p21
aS'Grave Encounters & Grave Encounters 2 more part that a schocker ;p'
p22
aS"Quarantine basically parodied rec 1 and 2,\nThe reason I really like rec is because of its realism and how a similar \nthing can happen, especially when the movie is so good you don't need extra \nHollywood horror music and lighting to make it look scary"
p23
aS'The first half is amazing, then it turns to shit... '
p24
aS'this reminded me of halo reach for some reason '
p25
aS'does any1 know where the english version is or if it has been made'
p26
aS'Just watched the first one and I enjoyed it. I will watch the second one \nnext week.'
p27
aS'Man Rec 2 was awesome but have you guys seen grave encounters? The \nWater/blood scenes where he gets pulled in those both scenes are similar!'
p28
aS'This is AWESOME gave me nightmares lol '
p29
aS'That final scene in Rec 1 (beginning of this trailer) felt like an \neternity. I kept pausing the movie when they got to that room.. ah!'
p30
aS"I really recommend this film. It as good, if not, better than the first \nfilm. Even the plot twists didn't feel forced."
p31
aS'The movie was not scary, it was actually a big let down, not a single jump \nscare'
p32
aS'porca puttana!\nXD'
p33
aS'REC<3!!!!!'
p34
aS'Oh the first one was sooo good. '
p35
aS'Rec 2 official trailer\nDo u guys like the movie'
p36
aS"only reason i didn't like it is because the swat guys really disappointed \nme. they are armed to the teeth but hardly fire their weapons especially \nwhen it is a really good idea, and when they do they are always \nspray-and-pray. in real life those mofos would be blowing heads off left \nand right."
p37
aS'Anyone else think of V/H/S when seeing the female breathe heavily at the \nbeginning?'
p38
aS'What kind of film is that?'
p39
aS"In my opinion this is one of the few sequels that actually improves on \nevery aspect of the original, and finally we have a handheld-footage film \nwhere the camera-holding is plausible - cameras being mounted on the \nhelmets of the characters as opposed to some idiot HOLDING a camera in \nfront of their face as they're being attacked by monsters....The \nsupernatural twist with the sequel is something that could have easily been \nstupid and ruined the whole thing, but it's done perfectly and doesn't \ncontradict anything in the original.\n\nI look forward to Rec: Apocalypse, I know there's Genesis but I hear that's \npretty dire so will reserve judgement..."
p40
aS'horrible movie'
p41
aS'The ending was so fucking nuts'
p42
aS'The first half is amazing, then it turns to shit... '
p43
aS'LMAO'
p44
aS'this reminded me of halo reach for some reason '
p45
aS'The movie is great. Some great plot twists too.'
p46
aS'diz movei haz sweg '
p47
aS'The end left me with the weirdest boner....'
p48
aS'Quarantine is the US remake of Rec.'
p49
aS'Yeah I think they are in the middle of Barcelona, too much damage to \nsurrounding buildings and people'
p50
aS'lol looks like resident evil story xD'
p51
aS"I disagree with both of you, I liked Quarantine better then Rec. To me, Rec \njust wasn't scary at all, it was more of an action movie. Quarantine had \nmore suspense. I do like both films though. The best horror movies are 28 \nDays Later and 28 Weeks Later. Rec 2 was ruined by religious nonsense. "
p52
aS'Oh damn! we got badass over here!'
p53
aS'REC 1 was pretty good , but REC 2 sucks'
p54
aS'I would call it copying, but also because the rec movies are spanish, and \nsome people want to see english versions of it'
p55
aS'oh'
p56
aS'same you watched it on channel 4??'
p57
aS'Do not watch this movie if you are a weak hearted person. :p'
p58
aS'Are those Zombies..??'
p59
aS'Keep it real'
p60
aS"People praise these films far too much..I thought they both kind of sucked. \nReally everybody dies? Hate that typical clique horror film crap..With the \nway the films have been going I wouldn't be surprised if they kill off \nAngela in the 4th. This just seems like that Starship Troopers junk where \nthe bugs would get into their bodies and control them..I'd just hope Angela \nsurvives it somehow. "
p61
aS'but not 3?'
p62
aS'u scrolled down to write the comment dumbass'
p63
aS"The person being mature and reasonable it the twelve year old. I'm twenty \none actually. I don't know how old physically you are but clearly mentally \nI've got about sixteen extra years on you. If stuff this pointless makes \nyou angry god help if something actually important goes wrong."
p64
aS'como se llama la cancion de rec '
p65
aS'i liked the first one, is this one any good? '
p66
aS'Soo...Friday night movie night?'
p67
aS"It's too bad they ruined the idea by bringing religion into it. "
p68
aS"He could've scrolled down after he saw the video...dumbass."
p69
aS'I hate that priest! He is fucking it all up man )x'
p70
aS'And also, does it come in english?'
p71
aS"Dat marketing -.-' Making a trailer for the US audience; not a single word \nof Spanish to be heard, big badass-voice announcer. "
p72
aS"@01keenan10 Uhh...yeah! I didn't sleep after watching REC."
p73
aS"Dat marketing -.-' Making a trailer for the US audience; not a single word \nof Spanish to be heard, big badass-voice announcer. "
p74
aS"@01keenan10 Uhh...yeah! I didn't sleep after watching REC."
p75
aS"I have just watched this but it didn't make some senses. 1st one is much \nbetter."
p76
aS'Yeah, because it should be a ROFL instead of a "lol" '
p77
aS'Quarantine is the remake of REC, and REC2 is the aftermath of REC 1 showing \nhow *spoiler for those who havent seen it* Angela gets taken over by the \noriginal carrier of the virus. And how she then gets out of the apartment '
p78
aS'Kisah nyata kah?'
p79
aS'3 is already out, it is based on parallel events of 1 & 2 '
p80
aS'Very bad version of Priest!'
p81
aS'slight typo i meant to say rail system'
p82
aS'You just scrolled down you dumb fuck, so you can now suck your own dick in \nadvance.'
p83
aS'Quarantine was based on [REC]. Read Wikipedia.'
p84
aS'OMG OMG OMG SCARED'
p85
aS"Is it Demonic or Virus or both? I just watched Rec 2 but I'm still not sure"
p86
aS'Just watched, it was awesome.'
p87
aS"It's on in 2 mins shall I watch it?"
p88
aS'I don\'t know if it is \'cause I\'vr grown used to horror movies, but, apart \nfrom the "tension" and the expectation, isn\'t that scary afterall'
p89
aS'Quarantine is just a remake of REC . '
p90
aS'This is a Second Act, you get your story and no explanation in the first \nslowly bringing you into the madness, then the second brings the reason for \nit all, the chance/hope to stop it, and the action that us action/horror \nfans crave. I was hoping the 3rd would be a follow up(an attack on the city \nthat halfway through leads to another shutoff apt(REC in spanish, japanese, \netc), where they can finally finish it off. But no mas, they had to fuck it \nup.'
p91
aS'Lol...you`re very funny miss Schokker.....:)'
p92
aS"I didn't watch it actually. Could someone please tell me to what extent it \ncompletes the first movie ?"
p93
aS"same ques as you....i realized the same thing. it's basically same thing. "
p94
aS"Right, okay. So can someone explain to me..... Is this a continuation from \nREC 1, like in the same apartment block or somewhere completely different? \nI haven't actually seen REC 1 but I have seen Quarantine 1 and 2. To me REC \n2 just seems like a continuation of REC 1/Quarantine 1, but only cops go \ninto the building..... Would I be correct in saying that?"
p95
aS'sonunda yine ikt tipini siktiim :D'
p96
aS'You sir are what I call a full on retard.'
p97
a.