(lp0
S'I really want to know what happened to Number One. I know Number Two died \ncause of his stupidity, and Number 3 got hunted, but what happened to \nNumber One?'
p1
aS'to bad the movie sucked because it literally was the worst adaptation movie \nive ever seen'
p2
aS'OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I CANNOT BELEIVE THIS \nFANDOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OUT OF THE HUNDRED TIMES IVE SCROLLED DOWN I HAVE \nSEEN NO MENTION OF THE BOOK/ MOVIE *I AM NUMBER FOUR* I AM \nSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DISSAPOINTED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I CANT, IJUST, I \nREALLY CANT ILL GIVE U THE TRAILER BUT ITS UP TO U GUYS TO READ IT. WEN I \nSAY ITS UP TO U GUYS I MEAN FRIGINNNNN READ \nIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THE TRAILER ISNT \nEVEN HALF AS AWESOME AS THE BOOK!!!!!! PLEASE GUYS READ IT!!!!!!!!!! IM \nBEGGING U'
p3
aS'Looks like they have force powers or something. maybe Ill watch this'
p4
aS'helo frands i am numbr 3 hahahaehahehahhahah'
p5
aS'The movie does the book no justice, and the trailer was even worse. Some \nbooks are meant to stay books.'
p6
aS'Am I the only one who actually really liked the movie?'
p7
aS'You know how it goes,\n"Who are you", "The new number 2", "Who is number 1?", "YOU are NUMBER 6", \n"I am not a number, I am a free man!"\nNumber 4 to the 6 to the 997, 7 to the 2 to the 655, soon coming to a \ncorporate department near you, and your sweet lovely communitarian \nneo-commie fascie commune community as well.\n\nSo, will you be a free man or a wimp?'
p8
aS'Lol, no. I am number Four.\n                                     -Tobias Eaton (Divergent)'
p9
aS'the book is a million times better than the movie. the movie was good, but \nit kind of seemed like they where trying to put all of the books into one \nmovie. they also changed so many things in the movie they even switched up \nthe legacies john is fireproof not six. overall the movie was worth \nwatching, but not nearly as good as the book. :)'
p10
aS"Is the movie only based on the first book? Someone please respond because I \nwant to watch the movie but I haven't finished all the books yet"
p11
aS'In the movie they made John seem like a bit of an ass. In the books he is a \nlot nicer and friendlier. '
p12
aS'Cut it out, Five! I\'m trying to write my memoir here!"\n\nLike if u get the reference'
p13
aS"When I watched the movie the first time there was a narrator second time \nthere wasn't a narrator"
p14
aS'funny how they mentioned my country as no. 1'
p15
aS"Phoebe the movie sucks don't watch it."
p16
aS"i read it ok.... i just can't believe that i finished up to book 4 but \nstill there is no movie of the power of 6..... WHAT DA FUDGE!?"
p17
aS"Okay so I just stumbled on this and omg I haven't seen it yet but I loved \nthe books and idk it looks great and just like my imagination and I hope it \nreally is great."
p18
aS'Hmm seems boring.. No point of the storey. Comes to earth then why they \nafter them to kill the last alien.? Trailer just seems boring! Never beat \nrace to witch mountain '
p19
aS'This movie is worse than bad! BAD BAD BAD BAD!!! BORING!'
p20
aS"IF anyone wants to watch it here's the link... enjoy :D\nhttp://megashare.info/watch-i-am-number-four-online-TWpjNU5nPT0\nand IF it doesn't work the page is shutting down... "
p21
aS'Is there gonna be a second movie '
p22
aS'Hahahaha he said number 2 '
p23
aS'I Am Number Four 2 ??'
p24
aS'Remake the film. Number one got killed cause she shop lifted and the \npicture was put online. They move to malasia where mogadiruans find her. \nThey kill the cepen. Then just before one dies she gets her first legacy \nearth quake generation. '
p25
aS'the book is so much better... NAND they changed it so much in the movie'
p26
aS'The book is much, much better than this movie.... So many things are \ndifferent.\nI want to read the rest of the books, but we only have 2 of them in \nBulgarian and that sucks.'
p27
aS'U got that right tripleblah'
p28
aS"Number One would've been the Greatest of the Garde , followed Nine and Six \n, Four is sometimes a idiot lol , Eight Tragic , Seven shouldve killed 5 . \nI wonder what will happen in Revenge of Seven "
p29
aS'I like the movie but the book is SO MUCH BETTER. They diddnt add some \nthings, they switched som legacies, and some of the things that they put on \nwere differnt from the book. This is 2014 for the people tht are wondering \nwhat year im in and i NEED TO READ RHE FALL OF FIVE but i cant find one!'
p30
aS'When the power of six ,comeing\n'
p31
aS'just finished the book the trailer gave me chills as crap!'
p32
aS'This trailer makes it look fucking shit. '
p33
aS'Please tell me someone other than me is a bit pissed at the titles of the \nbooks. I swear I knew what happened in the books as soon as I had read the \ntitle. Especially Fall of Five'
p34
aS"I'm a big fan of the books. Yes they did alter some things in the movie but \nfrom a reader, I find it okay and the movie sticked to the plot. THEY \nSHOULD MAKE A SEQUEL! And I wouldn't mind if the kill that bitch Sarah Hart \nat the opening of the movie. "
p35
aS'the book was great but seeing this movie was a big let down. the book was \nso much more intense and thrilling. the movie had the wrong actors and \nproduction, not at all as enjoyable. the movie could have been so good, \ngenuinely disappointed. :('
p36
aS'I think that they should make it into a TV series. Making each book a \nseason or two, they would be able to explain the story with more detail and \nit would be more accurate to the books.   '
p37
aS'this movie sucked and had horrible acting, and they made it so stale and \nboring. The book had more action than the movie, no joke!'
p38
aS'Damn, I liked this movie just for the fine ass beauties in it.\nI would love to bed either of the sexy blondes in this lol :P'
p39
aS'"9 of us escaped....." lmao 10 escaped'
p40
aS'They need to remake the movie'
p41
aS'I really want to watch these movies: The Power of Six, The Rise of Nine, \nThe Fall of Five and The Revenge of Seven!'
p42
aS"I Am Number Four, The Power of Six, The Rise of Nine, The Fall of Five. got \nall of these books. I can't wait to read The Revenge of Seven"
p43
aS'if you want to watch the movie go to google type in I am number four then \nthe word megashare. You can watch the movie for free and can do this for \nalmost all other movies!'
p44
aS'Dianna!!! '
p45
aS"I'm a big fan of the books and I love the movie. What's so bad about it? I \nmean, yes Six looks nothing like she does in the book. And yes some powers \nare off. But in general, it's pretty accurate and super thrilling. Why does \neveryone hate it?"
p46
aS'I m number one'
p47
aS"Number six should've had brown hair cuz she died her hair blond in book 2"
p48
aS'I watched this movie on my laptop and my plane neighbors walked away from \nme'
p49
aS'Ezreal?'
p50
aS'No Tobias eaton is four'
p51
aS'hace 3 aos vi esta pelicula y me sigue gustando mucho'
p52
aS'I think they will do better in the sequel. Where is the part 2 of this \nbtw? '
p53
aS'who is better at being four? Four(Tobias) from divergent? '
p54
aS'Hey there , have u got part 2 of this movie ?'
p55
aS'loved the book maybe movie could need improvement but still good'
p56
aS'I never even read the book and thought this movie was bad'
p57
aS'they changed the movie from the book so much'
p58
aS'Song?'
p59
aS'Ezreal brought me here'
p60
aS'There is nine of them. which means that naruto is number 9.'
p61
aS"This isn't how I imagined Four or Six to look.... Or sound..."
p62
aS'I red about half of the book then heard about the movie now I wanna see the \nmovie'
p63
aS'Though I have never seen the movie the books are great and this.....this \nlooks like garbage.'
p64
aS"DAMN.... So THAT'S Teresa Palmer!! OK then! TERESA PALMER FOR TANITH LOW!!!"
p65
aS'Dianna Agron :o'
p66
aS'I have read all the books. The movie is so great. They really should make \nthe next movie.'
p67
aS'I love the books. Now I need to see the movie and see if is good like the \nbook!!! '
p68
aS'"new world order" anyone? got it?'
p69
aS'book or the movie ?? which one is better?'
p70
aS'Trailer looks good, but movie is crap'
p71
aS"reboot please IANumberFour movies without change the story line and Garde's \npower."
p72
aS'that movie so old '
p73
aS'one of the biggest pieces of shit i have ever seen'
p74
aS'horrible trailer... WHEN ARE THEY GONA MAKE A SEQUEL!!!!!!!!! this movie \nwas underrated..'
p75
aS'shit trailer -_-'
p76
aS"I just started the book plz tell me it's good!!!!"
p77
aS"This movie sucks so bad. I wish I'd watched something else in the plane. \nWaste of my time."
p78
aS'great movie'
p79
aS'the characters of the movie remind me of this book Gone'
p80
aS'I only watched this movie because it had Timothy Olyphant '
p81
aS"They should remake the movie, if they are going to make a 2nd, coz they're \na few things in the 1st movie that would screw things up for the 2nd to be \nmade, coz the 1st movie wasn't accurate enough"
p82
aS'I am number two'
p83
aS'lets hope the divergent movie is better..... '
p84
aS'Books r always better than movies'
p85
aS'Good trailer, shitty movie'
p86
aS'why are people commenting "the book is better" the books are always \nbetter.. it\'s based on them with loads of shit missed out! '
p87
aS'The Author Jobie, he went to my middle school and graduted from our \nhighschool. He visits us and talks about his book all the time. He even \ngave us free movie tickets and our whole class took pictures with him and \nwe went to see the opening for the movie with him. He is a really cool \nguy! '
p88
aS'You are one fine number 4 Goodness.'
p89
aS"This is amazing\nCan't wait to read revenge of seven"
p90
aS'I am readin this right now'
p91
aS"The first book was so spectacular. Then there's this mangled up, crap film."
p92
aS"They should remake this adaptation. This shit Michael Bay had produced just \ndoesn't give the series any justice."
p93
aS'Perfect.'
p94
aS'amazing film'
p95
aS'This literally the dumbest movie I have ever seen in my life.'
p96
a.