(lp0
S"@Mateus FUCK no. I loved this film, never saw the trailer. Looking at it \nnow it's not poorly made, but it does not work at all for the film. It \nbasically gives away its antagonist way too quickly. It should have been a \nlot more minimal."
p1
aS'Wow the movie seems very good :) But I just wanted to Watch it because of \nDane dehaan! :D '
p2
aS"Damn! Wonder what if I had superpowers like the main character. That'll be \nso cool. \nBTW, The 3 lead actor are awesome. I would love to have friend like them. "
p3
aS'Am I the only one who thinks the trailer shows a little too much?'
p4
aS'is it good?'
p5
aS'the theme song of this movie should be titanium'
p6
aS'The idea of the film is good....but the actual film sucked. Really badly \nput together. I would rate it a 3/10'
p7
aS'I actually liked Dane in this movie. I was wondering why did they pick this \nfor Harry Osborn. Seems like a good actor. Might watch Spider man 2 too'
p8
aS'Yes, it was the black guy this time'
p9
aS'I loved this film so much, my creative writing for higher English is \ninspired off of this. And of course, Dane DeHaan.'
p10
aS'hmm i now see the real point alot of us americans do need to leave'
p11
aS'Akira real life '
p12
aS"Worst movie I've ever seen, seriously."
p13
aS'andrew vs carrie? who`s gonna be win?'
p14
aS"DON'T READ THE COMMENTS GUYS: SPOILERS AHEAD."
p15
aS'when is gona be chronicle 2 i cant weit im freaking out!!!!!'
p16
aS'Chronicle logic: Afraid of getting shot, but flying through brick walls and \nsmashing thru buildings is nothing'
p17
aS'best movie evvveer!'
p18
aS'They cut out where Ashley Hinshaw got naked. Wtf is up with that shit'
p19
aS"It's kinda ironic that Matt (Alex Russell) plays as an antagonist in \nCarrie, which is also about telekinesis."
p20
aS'Totally akira'
p21
aS'So this movie is basically a live action version of Akira.'
p22
aS'I tried watching this. It was so boring.'
p23
aS'This movie is always I prefered to be the 1st Dragon Ball Z movie ever!!! \nmore better than shiity evolution.'
p24
aS'best super heroe movie ever'
p25
aS'I liked this movie. Was very entertaining. A lot more entertaining than \nmost bigger budget films with bigger special effects. I thought they did an \nexcellent job making this. I would like to see a sequel.'
p26
aS'This is the best movie in have ever seen in my life '
p27
aS'I wish I had superpowers'
p28
aS'Fuck the end its sooooo bad '
p29
aS'u fckn bitch'
p30
aS'you mean what? '
p31
aS'they stole the idea from psi ops game'
p32
aS'what name of the music in bar club ?'
p33
aS'id watched this its good but i hated it in the end..SOME TXT MISSING'
p34
aS'good movie'
p35
aS'you must be a very sad person, im sry for you :('
p36
aS'I saw the movie of course. And my analysis of Andrew being an asshole is \nhow he snapped on the people who actually cared for him and were not his \nenemies. He literally let his powers take full control. His father might \nhave deserved it but at the end of the day, the people who lost their lives \nactually cared for Andrew. And that alone makes Andrew the total asshole in \nthis film.'
p37
aS'Ok, so why are there people having sex on the right side of the fucking \nscreen? '
p38
aS'ANDREW!'
p39
aS"i did,but they shouldn't reveal the whole movie in a trailer to people who \nhaven't seen it"
p40
aS"I haven't seen it, but based on the trailer, it is a rip off of Akira."
p41
aS'Shit movie'
p42
aS'is it a good movie?'
p43
aS"why the hell wouldn't it be a real movie?"
p44
aS'its not. Its totally different'
p45
aS'Agreed i kinda felt lie i seen the whole movie now'
p46
aS'uncle ben is always right ._.'
p47
aS"good! I saw the film and I think you didn't miss an important scene :D love \nit!"
p48
aS"i know there's a spin off of this movie, whats it called?"
p49
aS'uncle ben is always right ._.'
p50
aS"good! I saw the film and I think you didn't miss an important scene :D love \nit!"
p51
aS"i know there's a spin off of this movie, whats it called?"
p52
aS'And also the movie sucked!!!!'
p53
aS'David Guetta ft Sia- Titanium brought me here.'
p54
aS'XDDDd thought the same'
p55
aS"you're obvliously a justin bieber fan"
p56
aS'I saw this movie and came to the conclusion that "Chronicle" was pretty \nmuch "Carrie 2.0" except Carrie had good reason to act the way she did. \nAndrew was just an asshole who was bent on getting revenge on all the wrong \npeople.'
p57
aS'which is like saying Akira is a rip off of Carrie...see what I did there? '
p58
aS' !!!ANDREW'
p59
aS"lol ur a fkn dumbass don't listen to him he doesn't know shit"
p60
aS'im so happy theyre making a second one btw those who dont know it will be \nabout the cousin not a new group of kids'
p61
aS'No, this is not that kind of trailer.'
p62
aS'How? >'
p63
aS"I wish Steve didn't die."
p64
aS'how is the name of the starting music??? plz'
p65
aS'still.. it would be pretty cool'
p66
aS"I've finished watching this movie and it was EPIC!!! Honestly I would love \nto have those abilities, obviously use it for the right reasons. I fell I \nlove with this movie and I wish there is a second one. I was shocked when \nMatt... Okay Matt had to do what he had to do, but he never wanted to. \nAndrew is a great guy his ability just gained control of him. Overall the \nmovie was super EPIC, and the writer deserves a reward! +_-"
p67
aS'wannaa make the woooooorooorld dance ... forget about the priiiiiiiice tag '
p68
aS'Awesome movie!! But the trailer reveals too much in my opinion...'
p69
aS'one of the most underrated movies of 2012.'
p70
aS'yeah at first your like huh? and then it gets action pact full rush mode'
p71
aS'I still want it though..'
p72
aS'I watched the trailer and then the movie and enjoyed it'
p73
aS'how is the name of the starting music??? plz'
p74
aS'still.. it would be pretty cool'
p75
aS"I've finished watching this movie and it was EPIC!!! Honestly I would love \nto have those abilities, obviously use it for the right reasons. I fell I \nlove with this movie and I wish there is a second one. I was shocked when \nMatt... Okay Matt had to do what he had to do, but he never wanted to. \nAndrew is a great guy his ability just gained control of him. Overall the \nmovie was super EPIC, and the writer deserves a reward! +_-"
p76
aS'wannaa make the woooooorooorld dance ... forget about the priiiiiiiice tag '
p77
aS'Awesome movie!! But the trailer reveals too much in my opinion...'
p78
aS'one of the most underrated movies of 2012.'
p79
aS'yeah at first your like huh? and then it gets action pact full rush mode'
p80
aS'I still want it though..'
p81
aS'vote for steve'
p82
aS'One of the best movies of the year by far!!! Everytning is great in this \nmovie, just donest understand this kind of critics!'
p83
aS'I watched the trailer and then the movie and enjoyed it'
p84
aS"It's not scary, it's just very, very dark drama. Try it out. It was amazing."
p85
aS'damn.... i luv a guy with brown hair + blue eyes'
p86
aS"So why didn't you play the part.... Oh yeah cause they didn't ask you cause \nyou are probably less of an actor than that guy."
p87
aS'love the price tag part :D'
p88
aS'I WANT A SEQUEL NOW !'
p89
aS"I couldn't get serious after watching Ryan Nigahiga's version of the \nChronicles."
p90
aS'I do see what you did there, but I would argue that it is not. There are \nelements of Carrie in Akira (the theme of an oppressed party suddenly \ngaining power over their oppressors and becoming extremely vengeful,) but \nwhile Carrie has no friends, and is even turned on by her own mother, both \nChronicle and Akira feature the "victim\'s" friends trying to convince them \nthat they are doing the wrong thing, and eventually killing their friend \nwho is deemed completely lost.'
p91
aS'Omg best movie ever but am i the only one that cried .... ?'
p92
aS'ANDREW get your shit together man!'
p93
aS"Saw someone talking about Carrie... That Andrew really reminded me of \nCarrie, if you've watched both movies, you know why i'm saying that."
p94
aS'what the first song?'
p95
aS'Man if you think really than the Star Warz prelogie it\'s better \nartistically than Chronicle You don\'t understand a shit about the "mise en \nscne" and psychological development of characters in a movie...'
p96
aS'I loved this movie :) I felt so bad for all of the characters, but \nespecially Andrew ;('
p97
a.